PREFACE.

From the time of the coming of the First Patriarch Bodhidharma who
transmitted the ‘Western Message' (119., message from India or the Zen teaching}
to China up to the time of his fifth successor, the Sixth Patriarch Wei Lang. Zen
followers who aimed directly at Buddhahood and who instantaneouly attained the
-'Holy Fruit' through having thoroughly understood their mind and penetrated
their inmost nature are so numerous that we can hardly take an account of them.
From the Sixth Patriarch up to now. a period of about twelve hundred years.
millions of orientals have obtaind deliverance through the Zen teaching. And it is
rather sad to see that so far this Good Law has not yet been made known to the
Western people in Europe and America.

It has long been my desire to have this Sutra translated into a European
language so that the Message of Zen may be transmitted to the West. The idea
obsessed me unremittingly for nearly thirty years. as I could not find a translator
to undertake the work until I met Mr. Wong in last spring. In an eastacy of joy,
I invited him to stay in my house to translate this Sutra into English. Working
on and off, it took him nearly a year and half to complete the translation. My
desire is now fulfilled and may it prove to be one of the happiest events during
the period of the past twelve hundred years.

I sincerely hope that hereafter Europeans and Americans who understand
the Great Law spontaneously and who embrace it unhesitatingly will come forth
in great numbers. So far as felicity in the form of material comfort is concerned,
the occidentals are in a more favourable position than our Eastern people. But
in Spite of their favourable position, the Great Law reaches them at a later date
than it reached us. The reason deserves our attention. According to the Buddhist
geography, human beings inhabit in four great continents. The inhabitants of the
North continent, Uttarakura. which is the most favoured one in point of felicity
live as long as a thousand years. People of the East and the West continents
who live as long as six hundred and three hundred years respectively also have a
far better time than we. the inhabitants of the South continent, Jambudvipa. have.
But of these four great divisions of land, Jambudvipa is the only one which the
Buddha Dharma reaches.

Now, since an attempt has been made to disseminate this Good Law to
the West, I look forward to the day when Europe and America will produce a
type of Zen followers whose quick understanding and Spontaneous realisation in
the solution of the ‘Ultimate Problem' are far superior to our Eastern brethren.
Thinking that I have connected the most favourable link with the Occidentals, my
happiness is beyond measure.

In addition to writing the preface' I take liberty to name this book 'The
Chinese Sutra'. as with the exception of it, all Chinese Buddhist works are designated
by. the name 'Sastra.' Another name I would like to call it is 'Message from
the East,‘ for in China Patriarch Bodhidharma‘s teaching is known as 'Message
from the West' [119. India], and as this message is now re-directed to Europe and
America, the title I propose to give seems to be more appropriate.

SHANGHAI, March. 1930. DIH PING Tsza.

ITRANSLATOR’S PREFACE.

This is an English translation—or rather a very imperfect translation—of
the ‘Sutra Spoken by the Sixth Patriarch on the High Seat of the Gem of Law'
[Nanjio's Catalogue No. 1525] which records the sermons and the sayings of \‘Vei
Lang, [638-713] the most famous Dhyana Master of the Tang Dynasty. It may
be of interest to note that of all the Chinese works that have been canonized in
the Tripitaka, this standard work oi the Dhyana School is the only one that bears
the designatioa of ‘Sutra'. a designation which is reserved for the sermons of
Lord Buddha and those of great Bodhisattvas. Hence, it is not without iustitica-
tion to call it. as some one does. ‘the only Sutra spoken by a native of China'.
As it takes a poet to translate Virgil. the translator keenly realises how
incompetent he is in tackling this diiﬁcult task: since neither his knowledge of
Buddhism nor his linguistic attainment qualities him for the work. He reluctantly
agrees to bring out an English version of this Sutra when urged to do so by his
teacher who admits the incompetency of his pupil but still insists that the transla-
tion should be done on the following reasons :—
{1} That in training himself as a translator for Buddhist work in
future. this is a geod exercisa.

(2] That the translation may receive the benefit of correction and
revision from' the hands of those who have better qualifications but not
enough time to do the complete work themselves.

[3) That. with due allowance for mistranslation. the book may still
be useful to those who cannot read the original but who had mastered it so
well in their previous lives that they only need a paragraph or two, nay even
a word or two. to refresh their memory in order to bring back the valuable
knowledge that they have now forgotten.

On this understanding alone. the translator undertakes the work: and the
result of his feeble attempt is now put before the public only for what it is worth.
As the book stands, the translator knows. to his sorrow. that a greater part of it
will he iargon to readers who have had no previous knowledge of the Dhyana
School. May the day- come soon when either the translator himself or some other
fulloiledged Dhyana Master will bring oat a new translation with copious notes and
explanations, so that the Sutra may be readable to all.

It is from Dr. Ting F0 Po's edition that this translation is made. To this
learned gentleman whose commentaries the translator has made free use of and to
other friends who have given him valuable advice and liberal support, he wishes
to express his deepest gratitude.

“ PUPIL-TRANSLATOR."
SHANGHAI. November let, 1929.SUTRA SPOKEN BY THE SIXTH PATRIARCH (WEI LANG) ON THE HIGH
SEAT 0F “ THE GEM OF LAW” (DHARMARATHA).

CHAPTER I.
AUTOBIOGRAPHY.

Once, when the Patriarch had arrived at Pao Lam Monastery, Prefect Wai
of Shiu Chow together with other officials went thither to ask him to deliver
public lectures on Buddhism in the hall of Tai Fan Temple in the City.

. There were assembled {in the lecture hall] Prefect Wai; government officials
and Confucian scholars, about thirty each; and Bhikkhu, Bhikkhuni; Taoists and
laymen, altogether numbered about one thousand. After the Patriarch had taken
his seat, the congregation in a body paid him homage and asked him to preach
the fundamental laws of Buddhism. Whereupon. His Holiness delivered the following
address:—
Learned Audience, our essence of mind [literally self nature) which is the
seed or kernel of enlightenment [Bodhil is pure by natureI and by making use of
this mind alone. we can reach Buddhahood directly. Now, let me tell you some-
thing about my own life and how I came into possession of the esoteric teaching
of the Dhyana School (the Contemplation School or the Zen School].

My father, a native of Fan Yang, was dismissed from his official post and
banished to Kwangtung to be a commoner in Sun Chow. I was so unlucky that
my father died when I was very young, leaving my mother poor and miserable.
We removed to Kwang Chow (Canton) and were then in very bad circumstances.

I was selling firewood in the market one day, and one of my customers
ordered some to be brought to his shop. Upon delivery made and payment
received. I left the shopf outside of which I found a man reciting a Sutra [Buddhist
Scripture]. No sooner than I heard the text of this Sutrar my mind at once
became enlightened. Thereupon I asked the man the name of the book he was
reciting and was told that it was the ‘Diamond Sutra' [Vagrakkhedika or Diamond
Cutter). I further enquired whence he came and why he recited this particular
Sutra. He replied that he came from Tung Tsan Monastery in Wong Mui District
of Kee Chow; that the Abbot in charge of this temple was Hwang Yan, the Fifth
Patriarch; that there were about one thousand disciples under him; and that when
he went there to pay homage to the Patriarch. he attended lectures on this Sutra.
He further told me that His Holiness used to encourage the clergy as well as the
fatty to recite this scripture; as by doing so. they might realise their own essence
of mindI and thereby reach Buddhahood directly.It must be due to my good affinity in past lives that I could have heard
about this and that I was given ten taels for the maintenance of my mother by a
man who advised me to go to Wong Mui to interview the Fifth Patriarch. After
arrangements had been made for her, I left for Wong Mui which took me less
than thirty days to reach.

I then Went to pay homage to the Patriarch and was asked where did I
belong to and what did I expect to get from him. I replied, “I am a commoner
in Sun Chow of Kwangtung. I have travelled far to pay you respect and I ask
for nothing but Buddhahood". “You are a native of Kwangtung; and moreover,
you belong to the aborigine. How can you expect to be 3. Buddha?" said the
Patriarch. I replied. “Although there are northern men and southern men. north
and south make no difference to their Buddha-nature. An aborigine is different
from Your Holiness physically. but there is no difference in our Buddha-nature".
He was going to speak further to me. but the presence of other disciples made
him stop short. He then ordered me to join the crowd to work.

”May I tell Your Holiness", said I. “that Praina [transcendental Wisdom]
always rises in my mind. As one does not go astray from one's own essence of
mindI one may be called the ‘field of merits' [a title of honour given to monks.
as they afford the best opportunities to others to sow the 'seed' of merits]. I do
not know what work Your Holiness would ask me to do?"
"This aborigine is too witty". he remarked. ”Go to the stable and speak
no more". I then withdrew myself to the backyard and was told by a lay brother
to split firewood and to pound rice.

More than eight months after, the Patriarch saw me one day and said. “I
know your knowledge of Buddhism is very sound; but I haVe to refrain from
speaking to you, lest evil doers should do you harm. Do you understand?" “ Yes
Sir. I do." I replied. "To avoid people taking notice of me, I dare not go near
your hall."
The Patriarch one day assembled all his disciples and said to them. “The
question of incassant rebirth is a momentous one. indeed! Day after day. instead
of trying to free yourselves from this bitter sea of life and death, your men seem
to go after tainted merits only (122., merits which will bind one to be reincarnated
in one of the Dhatus or planes). Merits would be of no help. if your essence of
mind is obscured. Go and seek for Prajna [wisdom] in your own mind and then
write me a stanza [gathal about it. He who gets the general idea of what the
essence of mind is will be given the robe [the insignia of Patriarchate] and the
Dharma (119., the esoteric teaching of the Dhyana School], and I shall make him
the Sixth Patriarch. Go away quickly. Delay not in writing the stanza. as
deliberation is quite unnecessary and of no use. The man who has realised the
essence of mind can identify it at once. as soon as he is spoken to about it: and
in such a case. he cannot lose sight of it, even when he is engaging in a battle."
Having received this instruction, the disciples withdrew themselves and said
to one another. ” It is of no use for us to concentrate our mind to write the stanza
and submit it to His Holiness. since the Patriarchship is bound to be won by Elder
2Shin Shau, our instructor. If we write pertunctorily. it would be only a waste of '
energy." Upon hearing this. all of them made up their mind not to write and said.
"Why should we take the trouble to do it? Hereafter, we shall simply follow our
instructor, Shin Shau, wherever he goes: and look upon him for guidance."
"Considering that I am their teacher. none of them would take part in the
competition. I wonder whether I should write a stanza and submit it to His Holi-
ness."—-thus Shin Shau reasoned with himself. “If I do not, how can the Patriarch
know how deep or superficial my knowledge is? If my object is to get the Dhar-
InaI my motive is a pure one. It I were after the Patriarchship, then it is bad. In
that case, my mind would be that of a worldling and my action would amount to
robbing the Patriarch's holy seat. But it I do not submit the stanza. Iwould never
have a chance of getting the Dharma. A very difficult point to decide, indeed !"
_ In front of the Patriarch’s hall, there were three corridorsI the walls of which
were to be painted by a court arlist, named Lo Chun. with pictures from the
Lankavatara [a Buddhist scripture) depicting the transtiguration of the assembly, and
with sceneries showing the genealogy of the live Patriarchs tor the information and
the veneration oi the public.

When Shin Shau had composed the stanza, he made several attempts to
submit it: but as soon as he went near the hall. his mind was so perturbed that he
sweated all over his body. He could not screw up courage to submit it, although
in four days' time, he had altogether made thirteen attempts to do so.

Then he suggested to himself, “It would be better for me to write it on the
wall of the corridor and let the Patriarch see it himself. In case he approves itI I
shall come out to pay him homage and tell him that it is done by me; but if he
disapproves it, then I would have wasted several years' time in this mountain in
receiving homage from others. while I by no means deserve it! In that case, what
progress have I made in learning Buddhism?"
At 12 o'clock on that night, he went secretly with a lamp to write the
stanza on the wall of the south corridor, so that the Patriarch might know [through
reading it] what spiritual insight he had attained. The stanza reads :-—-
Our body may be compared to the Bodhi-tree,
While our mind to a case of bright mirror.
Carefully we wipe and sweep them hour by hour.

And let dust fall on them not.

As soon as he had written it. he left at once for his room; and so nobody
knew what he had done. In his room. he again pondered: ”When the Patriarch
sees my stanza tomorrow and is pleased with it. then I would be in good affinity
with the Dharma: but it he says that it is badly done. then it would mean that I
am unfit for the Dharma, owing to my misdeeds in previous lives and Karmic obs-
curations which thickly becloud my mind. Difficult indeed it is to speculate on
what the Patriarch will say about it!" In this vein, he kept on thinking until dawn,
as he could neither sleep nor sit at ease.

3The Patriarch knew already that Shin Shau had not entered the door of
enlightenment and that he had not known the essence of mind.

In the morning, the Patriarch sent for Mr.'Lo. the court artist, and went
with him to the south corridor to have the walls there painted with pictures. By
chance, the Patriarch saw the stanza. “Sorry to have troubled you to come from
so far," he said to the artist. "The walls‘ need not be painted now, as the Sutra
says, 'Ail forms or phenomena are transient and illusive.' Better leave the stanza
here, so that people may study it and recite it. If they put its teaching into actual
practice, they would be saved from the misery of being born in the evil realms of
existence (gatis). The merit gained by one who practises it is great indeed!"
He then ordered incense to be burnt and all his disciples to pay homage
to it and to recite it, so that they might realise the essence oi mind. After they
had recited it, all of them exclaimed, “Well done I"
In midnight, the Patriarch sent for Shin Shau to come to the hall and
asked him whether the stanza was written by him or not. “It is, Sir," replied
Shin Shau. "I dare not be so vain as to expect to get the Patriarchship, but I
wish Your Holiness will kindly tell me whether my stanza shows the least grain
of wisdom."
“Your stanza,’I replied the Patriarch, "shows that you have not yet realised
the essence of mind. So far you have reached only the border of the 'door of
enlightenment'. but you have not yet entered it. To seek for the supreme enlighten-
ment with such an understanding as yours can hardly be successful.

'.‘ To attain the supreme enlightenment, one must be able to know spon-
taneously one's own nature or essence of mind which is neither created nor can
be annihilated. From Ksana to Ksana [momentary sensations]. one should be able
to realise the essence of mind all the time. All things will then be free from
restraint [i.e. emancipated]. OnCe the Tathata [Suchness. which is another name
for essence of mind] is known. one will be free from delusion for ever; and
under all circumstances, one's mind will be in a state of ‘Thusness'. Such a.
state of mind is absolute truth. If you can see things in such a ﬂame of mind,
you would have known the essence of mind which is the supreme enlightenment.

"You had better go back to think over it again for a couple of days, and
then submit me another stanza. In case your stanza shows that you have entered
the 'door of enlightenment '. I shall transmit you the robe and the Dharma."
Shin Shau made obeisance to the Patriarch and left. For several days, he
tried in vain to write another stanza. This upset his mind so much that he was
as ill at ease as if he were in a nightmare. and he could find comfort neither in
sitting nor in walking.

Two days after, it happened that a young boy who was passing by the
room in which the rice was pounded recited loudly the stanza written by Shin
Shau. As soon as I heard it, I knew at once that the composer of it had not yet
realised the essence of mind. Although I had not been taught about it at that'
time, I had already a general idea of it.

4”What stanza is this?" I asked the boy. “You aborigine," replied he,
” don't you know it? The Patriarch told his disciples that the question of inces-
sant rebirth was a momentous one, that those who wished to inherit his robe and
Dharma should write him a stanza, and that the one who had a general idea of
the essence of mind would get them and he made the Sixth Patriarch. Elder
Shin Shau wrote this 'Formless' [above phenomena] Stanza on the wall of the
south corridor and the Patriarch told us to recite it. He also said that those who
put its teaching inlo actual practice would attain great merit and be saved from
the misery of being born in the evil realms of existenca"
I then told the boy that I wished to recite the stanza too, so that I might
have an afﬁnity with its teaching in future life. I also told him that althoughI
had been pounding rice there for eight months' I had never been to the hall; and
that he had to show me where the stanza was to enable me to make oheisance
to it.

The boy took me there and I asked him to read it to me, as I am illiter-
ate. A petty officer of the Kong Chan District named Chang Yat Yung who
happened to be there then read it out loudly. When he had finished reading, I
told him that I also had composed a stanza and asked him to write it for me.

"Extraordinary indeed !" exclaimed he. ”To see that you can also compose a
stanza. "
“Don't you despise a beginner," said II ”it you are a Seeker oi the
supreme enlightenment. You should know that the lowast class people may have
the sharpest wit, while the highest may be in want of intelligence. It you slight
others, you would have committed a very great sin."
"Please dictate your stanza," said he. 1‘ I'll take it down for you. But
do not forget to deliver me, should you succeed in getting the Dharma."
My stanza reads :—
Neither there is Bodhi-tree.
Nor case of bright mirror.
Since intrinsically it is void,
Where can the dust fall on?

When he had written this, all disciples and others who were present were
greatly surprised. Filled with admiration. they said to one another, “How wonder-
iull 'No doubt we should not judge people by appearance. How can it be that
for so long we have made a Bodhisattva incarnate work for us?"
Seeing that the crowd was overwhelmed with amazement, the Patriarch
rubbed off the stanza with his shoe, lest jealous ones should do me injury. He also
gave the opinion which they took for granted that the author of this stanza had
also not yet realised the essence of mind.

Next day the Patriarch went secretly to the room where the rice was
pounded. Seeing that I was working there with a stone pestle, he said to me,
5"A seeker of the Path risks his life for the Dharma. Should he not do so?"
Then he asked. “Is the rice ready?" “Ready long ago.’' replied I. “ only waiting
for the sieve." He knocked the mortar thrice with his stick and left.

Knowing what his message meant, in the third watch oi the night (midnight).
I went subsequently to his room. Using the robe as a screen so that none could
see us. he expounded the Diamond Sutra to me. When he came to the sentenCe.
”One should use one's mind in such a way that it will be free from any attach-
ment".' at once I became thoroughly enlightened and realised that all things in the
universe are essence of mind itself.

“Who would have thought." to the Patriarch I expressed myself. “that the
essence of mind is intrinsically purel Who would have thought that the essence
of mind is intrinsically tree from becoming or annihilation! Who would have
thought that the essence of mind is intrinsically sell-sufficient! Who would have
thought that the essence of mind is intrinsically free from changes! Who would
have thought that all things are the manifestation of the essence of mind!"
Knowing that I had realised the essence of mind. the Patriarch said. “To
him who does not know his owu mind, it would be of no use to learn Buddhism.
0n the other hand. if he knows his oWn mind and sees intuitively his own nature.
he would be called. 'Great Man.' ’Teacher of Men and Devas.’ or 'Budclha'."
Thus to the knowledge of no one. the Dharma was transmitted to me in
the midnight and consequently I became the inheritor of the teaching of the
’Sudden' School (the Dhyana School] as well as the robe and the begging bowl.

"You are the Sixth Patriarch." said he. “take good care of yourself and
deliver as many sentient beings as possible. Propagate and perpetuate the teaching.
and don't let it come to an end. Take note of my stanza:—
Sentient beings who sow seeds of enlightenment
In the field of Causation. will reap the fruit of Buddhahood.
lnanimate objects which are void of Buddha-nature
Sow not and reap not.

“To be free from any attachment' means not to abide in Rupa (form or matter]. not to
abide in sound, not to abide in delusion, not to abide in enlightenment. not to abide in the
quintessence. not to abide in the attribute. “To use the mind' means to let the 'One Mind' [he-
the Universal mind] manifest itself everywhere. To let our mind dwell on piety or an evil. piety
or evil manifests itself. but our essence of mind [or Primordial mind] is thereby obscured. But
when our mind'durells on nothing. then we shall realise that all the worlds of the ten quarters are
nothing but the manifestation oi 'One Mind ?—National Teacher On's annotation.

The above commentary is most accurate and to the point. Scholastic Buddhist Scholars
can never give an explanation so satisfactory as this. For this reason Dhyana Masters {National
Teacher On being one of them} are superior to the so-called Scriptural Expounders."
—-DIH PING TSZE.He further said, "When Patriarch Bodhidharma first came to China, most
Chinese had no confidence in him, and so this robe was handed down as a
testimony from one Patriarch to another. As to the Dharma, this is as a rule
transmitted from heart to heart and the recipient is expected to understand it and
to realise it by his own efforts. From time immemorial, it has been the practice
for one Buddha to pass to his successor the quintessence oi the Dharma and for
one Patriarch to transmit to another the esoteric teaching from mind to mind. As
the robe may give cause to dispute, you are the last one to inherit it. Should you
again hand it down to your successor, your life would be in imminent danger. You
should leave this place as quickly as you can, lest some one should do you harm."
“Whither should I go?" I asked. "At Wei you stop and at Wui you
seclude yourself," he replied.

Upon receiving the robe and the begging bowl in the middle of the night.
Iltold the Patriarch that as I am a Southerner, I did not know the mountain tracks
and that it was impossible for me to get to the mouth of the river {to catch a boat].
"You need not worry." said he. "I'll escort you."
He then accompanied me to Kiukiang Station and there he ordered me to
get into a boat. As he did the rowing himself. I asked him to sit down and let
me handle the car. “It is only right for me to get you across.‘I [an allusion to
the sea of birth and death which one has to go across before the shore of
Nirvana can be reached] he said. To this I replied, ”Under illusion, it is you
who get me across; but after enlightenment. I should cross it myself. Although
the term 'to go across' is the same. it is used differently in each case. As I
happen to be born in the frontier, even my speaking is incorrect in pronunciation;
[but in spite of this], I have had the honour to inherit the Dharma from you.
Since I am now enlightened, it is only right for me to cross the sea of birth and
death myself by realising my own essence of mind."
"Quite so, quite so," he agreed. “Beginning from you, Buddhism there
the Dhyana School is referred to] will hereafter be very popular. * Three years
after your departure from me, I shall leave this World. You may start on your
journey now. Go as fast as you can towards the South. Do not preach too
soon, as Buddhism is not so easily spread."
'1‘ Before the coming of Bodhidharma. Chinese Buddhists who have entered the 'Path of
Holiness' (i. e. attained the fruit of the various stages such as the Sravaka Stage. the Bodhisattva
Stare etc.) may be counted on one's ﬁngers. Alter the Sixth Patriarch the Dhyana School has
ﬂourished to such an extent that the number oi its iollowars who are thoroughly enlightened and
have attained the Holy Fruit amounts to hundreds oi thousand. Such a splendid result agrees with
Buddha Gautama's prediction that five hundred years after his death. the ‘Light of the Praina
(Wisdom) Lamp' will be transmitted eastward to China.

Dhyana Master Wong 1p said. " He who attains enlightenment in one moment (Le. through
the teaching of the Sudden School] is as eiiicient as those who do it by passing successfully
through the ten stages."
Thus We may see that after enlightment. a follower of the Dhyana School cannot be rated
by the usual 'Stage of Progress '. and that the saying. "An enlightenened Dhyana Master at once
surpasses an expectant Buddha who has gone through the ten stages". is absolutely reliable.

—--DIH PING TSZE.After saying good-bye, I left him and walked towards the South. In
about two months' time. I reached the Tai Yu Mountain. There I noticed that
several hundred men were in pursuit of me with the intention of robbing my robe
and begging bowl.

Among them, there was a monk named Wei Ming whose lay surname was
Chen. He was a general of the fourth rank in lay life. His manner was rough
and his temper hot. Of all the pursuers. he was the most vigilant in search of
me. When he overtook me. I threw the robe and the begging bowl on a rock.
saying. “This robe is nothing but a testimonial. What is the usa of taking it
away by force?" When he got to the rock. he tried to pick them up; but found
he could not!" Then he shouted out, “Lay Brother, Lay Brother, [it should be
noted that the Sixth Patriarch at that time had not yet formally joined the order]
I come for the Dharma. I come not for the robe.”
Whereupon. I came out from my hiding place and squatted on the rock.
He made obeisance and said "Lay Brother. preach to me. please.'r
“Since the object of your coming is for the Dharma." said I, ”please
refrain from thinking of anything and just keep your mind blank. I shall then
preach to you." When he had done this for a considerable time. I said “When
you are thinking of neither good nor evil. and at that particular moment, what is.
Venerable Sir. the real nature (literally physiognorny] of yourself ?"
As soon as he heard this. he at once became enlightened. But he further
asked. “Apart from those esoteric sayings and esoteric ideas handed down by the
Patriarch from generation to generation, are there still any other esoteric teach-
ings?" “What I can tell you is not esoteric," replied I. ”If you turn your light
inwardly.* you will find what is esoteric within you."
“In spite of my staying in Wong Mui." said he. “I realised not the real
nature of myself. Now. thanks to your guidance. I know it in the same way as a
water-drinker himself knows how hot or how cold the water is. Lay Brother. you
are now my teacher."
I replied. “If this is the case. then you and I are fellow disciples of the
Fifth Patriarch. Please take good care of yourself."
* The most important point in the teaching of the Dhyana School lies in 'Introspection'
or 'Introversion' which means the turning of one's own ’Iight' to reflect inwardly. To illustrate.
let us take the analogy of a lamp. We know. the light of a lamp. when surrounded by a shade.
will reflect inwardly with its radiance centering on itself: whereas the rays of a naked flame would
diffuse and shine outWardly. Now. when we are so engrossed with criticising others—as it is the
wont of us—we hardly turn our thoughts on ourselves and hence scarcely know anything about
ourselves. Contrary to this. the followers of the Dhyana School turn their attention completely
within and reflect exclusively on their own 'real nature' known in Chinese as the 'natural
physiognorny '.

Lest our readers should overlook this important passage. let it be noted that. in China
alone. thousands of Buddhists have attained enlightenment by acting on this wise saying of the
Sixth Patriarch.

—DIH PING TSZE._\
In answering his question whither he should go thereafter. I told him to stop
at Yuan and to take up his abode in Meng. He paid homage and departed.

Sometime after, I reached Tso Kai. There the evil-doers again persecuted
me and I had to take refuge in Sze Wui where I stayed with a party of hunters
for a period as long as fifteen years.

Occasionally I preached to them in a way that befitted their understanding.
They used to put me to Watch their nets; but whenever I found living creatures
therein, I set all of them free. In meal time, I put vegetables in the same pan in
which they cooked their meat. Some of them questioned me and I explained to
them that I would eat vegetables only, after they had been cooked with the meat.

One day I bethought myself that I ought not to pass a secluded life all the
time and that it was high time for me to propagate the Law. Accordingly I left
there for Fat Shing Temple in Canton.

At that time. Bhikkhu Yen Chung. Master of Dharma, was preaching the
Maha Parinirvana Sutra in Fat Shing Temple. It happened that one day. when a
pennant was blown about by the wind. two Bhikkhus entered into a dispute as to
what was it that was in motion. the wind or the pennant. As they could hardly
settle their difference, I submitted to them that it was neither. and that what actually
moved was their own mind. The whole assembly was startled by what I said and
Bhikkhu Yen Chung invited me to take the seat of honour and questioned me as
to the various knotty points in the Sutras.

Seeing that my answers were so precise and accurate and that they meant
something more than book-knowledge. he said to me, “Lay Brother. you must be an
extraordinary man. I was told long ago that the inheritor of the Fifth Patriarch's
robe and Dharma has come to the South. Very likely you are the man."
To this I politely assented. He immediately made obeisance and asked me
to show to the assembly the robe and the begging bowl I inherited.

He further asked what instructions I had when the Fifth Patriarch trans-
mitted me the Dharma. ”Apart from a discussion on the realisation of the essence
of mind." I replied, ”he gave me no other instruction. Neither did he discuss on
Dhyana and Emancipation." ”Why not?" he asked. ”Because that would mean
two ways." I replied. “There cannot be two ways in Buddhism. There is one
way only."
He then asked what was the only way. I replied, “The Maha Parinirvana
Sutra which you expound explains that Buddha-nature is the only way. For example.
in that Sutra. King K0 Kwai Tak. a Bodhisattva asked Buddha whether those who
commit the four paragika. [gross misconduct. They are murder. stealing. incon-
tinence. and falsehood of a serious nature] or the five deadly sins. (Le. Patricide.
Matricide. Setting the Buddhist Order in discord. Killing an Athat. and Causing
blood to flow from the body of a Buddha) and those who are Icchantika (heretics).
etc.. would eradicate their 'element [literally root] of goodness' and their Buddha-
nature or not. Buddha replied. ‘There are two kinds of ‘element of goodness':
the eternal and the non-eternal. Since Buddha-nature is neither eternal nor non—
9eternal, therefore their 'element of goodness' ‘is not' eradicated.' Now, Buddhism
is known as having no two ways. There are good ways and evil ways, but since
Buddha-nature is neither, therefore Buddhism is known as having no two ways. From
the point of view of ordinary folks, skhandhas [aggregates or component parts of
a personality] and Dhatus [factors of consciousness} are two separate things; but
enlightened men know and understand that they are not dual in nature. The nature
of non-duality is Buddha-nature."
Bhikkhu Yen Chung was highly pleased with my answer. Putting his two
palms together [as a sign of respect), he said, ” My interpretation of the Sutra is
as worthless as a heap of debris. while your discourse is as valuable as genuine
gold." Subsequently he conducted the ceremony of hair-cutting for me [129. the
ceremony of Initiation] and asked me to accept him as my pupil.

Thenceforth, under the Boihi-tree I preached the teaching of the Tung
Shan School (the School of the Fourth and the Fifth Patriarchs who lived in Tung
Shan].

Since the Dharma was transmitted to me in Tung ShanI I had gone through
many hardships and my life often seemed to be hanging by a thread. Today I
haVe had the honour of meeting Your Worship, officials. Bhikkus. Bhikkhunis,
Taoists. and laymen in this assembly and I must ascribe this to our good connec-
tion in numerous kalpas (cyclic periods} as well as to our common accumulated
merits in making offerings to various Buddhas in our past incarnations; otherwise.
we would have no chance of hearing the above teaching of the 'Sudden' School and
thereby laying the foundation of our future success in understanding the Dharma.

This teaching was handed down from the past Patriarchs and it is not a
system of my own invention. Those who wish to hear the teaching should purify
their own mind first; and after hearing it, they themselves ought to clear up their
own doubts in the same way as what the Sages did in the Past.

At the end of the address, the assembly felt rejoiced. made obeisance and
departed.





CHAPTER II.

0N PRAJNA.

Next day Prefect Wat asked the Patriarch to give another sermon. Having
taken his seat and asked the assembly to purify their mind collectively and recite
'Maha Prainaparamita' [Great Perfection of Wisdom]. he gave the following ad-
dress:—
Learned Audience, the Wisdom of Enlightenment is inherent in every one
of us. It is because of the delusion under which our mind works that we fail to
realise it ourselves and that we have to seek the advice and the guidance of the
highly enlightened one before we can know our essence of mind. You should
know that so far as Buddha-nature is concerned, there is no difference between an
enlightened man and an ignorant one. What makes the difference is that one
realises it. while the other is kept in ignorance of it. Now. let me talk to you on
Maha Prainaparamita. so that each of you can attain wisdom. Listen carefully,
for I am speaking to you now.

Learned Audience. while people recite the word ‘Praina' whole day long.
they do not seem to know that Prajna is inherent in their own nature. Now.
mere talking on food will not appease hunger and this is exactly the case with
these people. We might talk on Sunyata [voidness] tor myriads of kalpas, hut
talking alone will not enable us to realise the essence of mind and it serves us no
purpose in the end.

The word 'Mahaprainaparamita' is Sanskrit. meaning ‘great wisdom to
reach the opposite shore (of the sea of existence).' Now, what we have to do
with it is to carry it into practice with our mind: whether we recite it or not does
not matter. Mere reciting it without mental practice may be likened to a phantasm.
a magical delusion. a flash of lightning or a dewdrop. 0n the other hand. if we
do both. then our mind Would be in concord with what we repeat orally. The
very nature of our own is Buddha, and apart from this nature, there is no other
Buddha.

What is Maha? It means ‘Great'. The capacity of the mind is as great
as that of Space. It is infinite. neither round nor square. neither great nor small.
neither green nor yellow. neither red nor white. neither above nor below, neither
long nor short. neither angry nor happy. neither right nor wrong. neither good nor
evil, neither first nor last. All Buddha Ksetras (lands) are as void as space. In-
trinsically our transcendental nature is void and not a single Dharma can be
attained. It is the same with the essence of mind which is a state of 'Absolute
Void' (129. the voidness of non-void iii- 3‘: 2.. '7}: l.

Learned Audience. when you hear me talk about the void. do not at once
fall into the idea of insiztence on vacuity. [Because it involves the heresy of the
doctrine of annihilation.) It is of utmost importance that we should not fall into
this idea. because when a man sits quietly and keeps his mind blank. he will abide
in a state of ‘Voidness of Indifference'.

llLearned Audience, the illimitable void of the universe is capable of holding
myriad of things of various shape and form, such as the sun, the moon, stars,
mountains, rivers, worlds, springs, rivulets, bushes, woods. good men, had men,
Dharmas pertaining to goodness or badness, Deva planes, hells, great oceans, and
all the mountains of the Mahameru. Space takes in all these, and so the voidness
of our nature. We say that the essence of mind is great, because it embraces all
things, since all things are within our nature. When We see the goodness or the
badness of other people, we are not attracted by it, nor repulsive to it, nor atta-
ched to it: so that our attitude of mind is as void as Space. In that case, we say
our mind is great. Therefore we call it 'Maha'.

Learned Audience, what the ignorant talk merely, the wise men put into
actual practice with their mind. There is also one class of foolish people who sit
quietly to keep their mind blank. They refrain from thinking of anything and call
themselves ‘great'. On account of their heretical view, we can hardly talk to them.

Learned Audience. you should know that the mind is very great in capa-
city. since it pervades the whole Dharmadhatu [the sphere of the Law, :29. the
UniverSe]. When we use it, we can know clearly of everything; and when We
use it to its full capacity, we shall know all. All in one and one in all. When
our mind works without hindrance and is at liberty to 'come ' or to ’go', then it
is 'Praina'.

Learned Audience, all Praina come from the essence of mind and not from
exterior source. Do not have any mistaken notion about it. This is called ‘Selfu
use of the True Nature'. Once the Tathata [Suchness which is another name for
the essence of mind] is known, One will be free from delusion forever.

Since the scope of the mind is for great objects, we should not practise
trivial acts [such as sitting quietly with a blank mind }. Do not talk about ‘Void '
all day without practising it in the mind. One who does this may be likened to
a self-styled king who is really a commoner. Prajna can never be attained in this
way and those who behave like this are not my disciples.

Learned Audience, what is Prajna? It means 'Wisdom'. At all times and
in all places, if we steadily keep our thought free from any foolish desire and act
wisely on all occasions, then we are practising Praina. One foolish notion is enough
to shut Prajna off, while one wise thought would bring it forth again. People in
ignorance or under delusion do not see it; they talk about it with their tongue,
but in their mind they are always ignorant. They always say that they practise
Praina and they talk incessantly on ‘Vacuity'; but they do not know the ‘Absolute
Void'. ‘The Heart of Wisdom' is Prajna which has neither form nor characteristic.
If we interpret it in this way, then it is called the wisdom of Prajna.

What is Paramita? It is a Sanskrit word, meaning Ito the opposite shore'.
Figuratively, it means 'above existence and non-existence'. By clinging to sense
objects, existence or non-existence arises like the up and dowu of the billowy sea,
and such a state is called metaphorically “this shore'; while by non-attachment, a
state above existence and non-existence, like running water (without bubbles], is
called ‘the opposite shore'. This is why it is called ‘Paramita'.

120'
Learned Audience, people under illusion recite ‘Mahaprainaparamita' with
their tongue. and while they are reciting it, erroneous and evil thoughts arise [in
their mind]. But if they put it into actual practice unremittingly, they would
know what is called ‘the true nature'. To know this Dharma is to know the
Dharma of Praina and to practise this act is to practise Prajna. He who does not
practise it is an ordinary man. He who directs his mind to practise it even for
one moment only is the equal of Buddha.

Learned Audience. ordinary man is Buddha, and Klesa [infection or
deiilement] is Bodhi [enlightenment]. A foolish passing thought makes one an
ordinary man, while an enlightened second thought makes one a Buddha. A
passing thought that clings to sense-objects is Klesa, while a second thought that
trees one from attachment is Bodhi.

Learned Audience. Mahaprainaparamita is the most exalted, the supreme,
and the foremost. It neither stays, nor goes, nor comes. By means of it,
Buddhas of the present, the past, and the future generations attain Buddhahood.
We should use this great wisdom to break up the five Skhandhas [they are:
material qualities or matter, sensation, perception, dispositions or tendencies. and
consciousness], Klesas, and contaminations. To follow such a practice ensures
the attainment of Buddhahood. The three poisonous elements [ greed. anger, and
infatuation) will then be turned into Sila [good conduct), Samadhi, [concentration
or exalted ecstasy] and Praina [wisdom].

Learned Audience, in this system of mine, one Prajna produces eighty
four thousand ways of wisdom. since there are the same number of ‘defilements'
[Klesa] for us to cope with. When one is free from defilements, wisdom reveals
itself steadily and will not be separated from the essence of mind. Those who
understand this Dharma will be free from idle thoughts. To be free from being
infatuated by one particular thought, from clinging to desire, and from falsehood;
to put one's own essence of Tathata into operation; to use Prajna for contempla-
tion; and to take an attitude of neither indifference nor attachment towards all
things—this is what is meant by realising one's own essence of mind for the
attainment of Buddhahood.

Learned Audience, if you wish to penetrate the deepest mystery of the
Dharmadhatu [the sphere of the Law] and the Samadhi of Prajna, you should
practise Prajna by reciting and studying the Vagrakkhedika [The Diamond Cutter]
which will enable you to realise the essence of mind. You should know that the
merit for studying this Sutra, as distinctly set forth in laudatory terms in the text,
is immeasurable and illimitable, and cannot be enumerated in details. This Sutra
belongs to the highest school [literally vehicle] of Buddhism and Lord Buddha
delivered it specially for the very wise and the quick-witted. If the less wise
and the slow-witted hear about it, they would doubt its credibility. Why? For
example, when it rains in Jambudvipa [the Southern Continent) through the
miracle of the celestial Naga; cities, towns, and villages Would be drifted about in
the flood, as if they Were only a leaf of the date tree. But should it rain in the
great ocean, the level of the sea on the whole w0uld not be affected by it.
When the Mahayauists and the followers of the highest school hear about the
l3l‘
Vagrakkhedika. their minds become enlightened and they know that Praina is
immanent in their essence of mind and that they need not rely on scriptural
authority, since they can make use of their own wisdom for constant practice of
contemplation and observation.

The Praina immanent in the essence of mind of every one may be likened
to the rain [rain does not come from the sky but is produced by the miracle of
the Naga] the moisture of which refreshes alike sentient beingsI such as all living
creatures, and the inanimate. such as trees and plants. When rivers and streams
reach the sea, the water carried by them merges into one body: and this is also
a good analogy. Learned Audience. when rain comes in deluges, plants which
are not deep-rooted are washed away. and eventually they succumb. This is the
same case with the slow-witted, when they hear about the teaching of the 'Sudden'
School. The Prajna immanent in them is exactly the same with that of the very
wise men; but they fail to enlighten themselves. when the Dharma is made known
to them. Why? Because they are thickly veiled by erroneous views and deep-
rooted infections, in the same way as the sun is thickly veiled by the cloud and
unable to show his light until the wind blows the obscuration off.

Prajna does not vary with different persons: what makes the difference is
the question whether one's mind is enlightened or deluded. He who does not
know his own essence of mind and is under the delusion that Buddhahood can
be attained by outward religious rites is called the slow-witted. He who knows
the teaching of the 'Suddenr School and attaches no importance to rituals, and
whose mind functions always under right vieWS, so that he is absolutely free from
detilements or contaminations, is said to have known his essence of mind.

Learned Audience, the mind should be framed in such a way. so that it
will be independent of external or internal objects, at liberty to come or to go,
free from attachment and thoroughly enlightened without the least obscuration.
He who is able to do this is up to the same standard as that required by the
Sutras of the Prajna School.

Learned Audience, all Sutras and Scriptures of the Mahayana and Him:—
yana Schools, as well as the twelve sections of the canonical writings were
pr0vided to suit the different needs and temperaments of various people. It is
upon the principle that Prajna is latent in every man that the doctrines expounded
in these books are established. Should there be no human beings. there would
be no Dharmas; and hence we know that all Dharmas are made for men. and
that all Sutras owe their existence to the preachers. Since some men are wi5e,
the so-called superior men. and some are ignorant. the so-called inferior men; the
wise preach to the ignorant. when the latter ask them to do so. Through this,
the ignorant may attain sudden enlightenment and their mind thereby becomes
illuminated. Then they are no longer different from the wise men.

Learned Audience. without enlightenment. there would be no difference
between a Buddha and other living beings; while a gleam of enlightenment is
.enough to make a living being the equal of a Buddha. Since all Dharmas are
lmmanent in our mind, there is no reason why We should not realise intuitively
i4\
the real nature of Tathata {Suchness}. The Bodhisattva Sila Sutra says. ”Our
essence of mind is intrinsically pure. and it we know our mind and realise what
our nature is. all of us would attain Buddhahood.“ The Vimalakirti Nirdesa Sutra
says. "At once they become enlightened and regain their own mind."
Learned Audience. when the Fifth Patriarch preached to me. I became
enlightened immediately after he had spoken and spontaneously I realised the real
nature of Tathata. For this reason, it is my particular object to propagate the
teaching of this ‘Sudden' School. so that the learners may know Bodhi [enlighten-
ment] at once and realise their true nature by introspection of their mind.

Should they fail to enlighten themselves. they ought to ask the very pious
|_ and learned Buddhists who understand the teaching of the Highest School to show
f _ them the right way. It is an exalted position. the office of a pious and learned
‘ Buddhist who guides the others to realise the essence of mind. Through his
‘ assistance. one may be initiated into all meritorious Dharmas. The wisdom of the
. past, the present, and the future Buddhas as well as the teachings of the twelve
l sections of canons are immanent in our mind; but in case we fail to enlighten
l ourselves. before we can do so. we have to seek the guidance of the pious and
learned ones. On the other hand. those who enlighten themselves need no
extraneous help. It is wrong to insist upon the idea that. without the advice of
the pious and learned, We cannot obtain liberation. Why? Because it is by our
innate wisdom that we enlighten Ourselves. and even the extraneous help and
instructions of a pious and learned friend would be of no use. if we were deluded
by false doctrines and erroneous views. Should We introspect our mind with real
Prajna. all erroneous views would be vanquished in a moment. and as soon as we
know the essence of mind. We arrive immediately at the Buddha stage.

Learned Audience. when we use Praina for introspection, we are illuminated
within and without and in a position to know our own mind. To know our mind
is to obtain fundamental liberation. To obtain liberation is to attain Samadhi
[exalted ecstacy) of Praina which is ‘thouglltlessness'. What is ‘thoughtlessness'?
'Thoughtlessness' is to see and to know all Dharrnas [things] with a mind tree
from attachment. When in use. it pervades everywhere. and yet it sticks nowhere.
What we have to do is to purify our mind so that the six Viinanas [six aspects of
consciousness. :22. consciousness dependent upon sight. sound. smell. taste. touch.
and mentation] in passing through the six gates (sense organs) will neither be
defiled by nor attached to the six sense—objects. When our mind works freely
without any hindrance and is at liberty to 'come' or to ‘go'. then we attain
Samadhi of Prajna. or freedom, or liberation. Such a state is called the function
of ‘thoughtlessness'. But to refrain from thinking of anything. so that all thoughts
are suppressed. is to be Dharma-ridden. and this is an extreme [erroneous] view.

Learned Audience. those who understand the Way of ‘thoughtlessness' will
know every thing. have the eXperience of what all Buddhas have had and attain
Buddhahood. In future. if an initiate of my school should make a vow in company
with his colleagues and fellow-disciples to devote his whole life without retrogression
to practise and commemorate the teachings of this ‘Sudden' School in the same
spirit as that for serving Buddha. he would reach without iuilure the Path of
ISHoliness (tie. Bodhisattvahoocl and Buddhahood). [To the right men]. he should
transmit from heart to heart the instructions handed dowu from one Patriarch to
another; and no attempt should be inade to conceal the orthodox teaching. To those
who belong to other schools and whose views and objects are different from ours.
the Dharma should not be transmitted, since it will be anything but good to them.
This step is taken lest ignorant persons who cannot understand our system should
make slanderous remarks upon it and thereby annihilate their seed of Buddha-
nature for hundreds of Kalpas and thousands of incarnations.

Learned Audience. I have a ‘meless' (:22. above phenomena] Stanza for
all of you to recite. Both laity and clergy should put its teaching into practice
without which it would be useless to remember my words alone. Listen to this
stanza :—
A master of the Buddhist canons as well as the teaching of the Dhyana
School
May be likened unto the blazing sun sitting high in his meridian tower.

Such a man would teach nothing but the Dharma for realising the essence
of mind,
And his object in coming to this world is to vanquish the heretical sects.
We can hardly classify the Dharmas into 'Sudden' and 'Gradual'.
But some men will attain enlightenment much quicker than others.
For example. this system for realising the essence of mind
Is above the comprehension of the ignorant.

We may explain it in ten thousand ways.

But all those explanations may be traced back to one principle.

To illumine our gloomy tabernacle which is stained by deiilement,
We should Constantly Set up the Light {literally the Sun} of Wisdom.
Erroneous views keep us in defilement,
While right views remove us from it.

But when we are in a position to discard both of them.

We are then absolutely pure.

Bodhi is immanent in our essence of mind.

Any attempts to look for it elsewhere is erroneous.

Within our infected mind, the pure one is to be found,
And once our mind is set right. we are free from three kinds of obscura-
tion (obscuration of deiilement, of evil karma, of compensation or
expiation in evil realms of existence).

If we are treading the Path of Enlightenment.
We need not at all be worried by stumbling-blocks.

l6P—\
Provided we keep an eye constantly on our own faults,
We cannot go astray from the right path.
Since every Species of life has its own way oi salvation.
They will not interfere with or be antagonistic to one another.
f If we leave our own path and try to seek for other way of salvation,
For life We shall not find it.
And we may plod or: till death evertakes us,
But we shall find only penitence in the end. “1'“
If you wish to find the true way,
| Right action will lead you to it directly;
But if you have not a mind to aim at Buddhahood,
You would grape in the dark and never find it.
He who treads the Path in earnest
Sees not the mistakes of the world,
i If we find fault with others,
We ourselves are also in the wrong; so it is not a wise thing to do.
When other people is in the wrong. we should ignore it;
’ As it is wrong for us to find fault.
By getting rid of the habit of fault-finding. '
We cut off the source of defilement (Klesa).
When neither hatred nor love can disturb our mind.
Serenely we sleep with our legs fully stretched.
Those who intend to be the teacher of others,
Should themselves be skilled in the various expedient means [Upaya] which
would lead others to enlightenment.

When the disciple is free from all doubtsI
Then it indicates that his essence of mind is developed.
The Kingdom of Buddhism is in this world.

' . Within which enlightenment is to be sought.
f To seek enlightenment by separating from this world
‘ Is as absurd as to search for rabbit's horn.

Right views are called 'Transcendental'.

Erroneous views are called 'Worldly.'
When views, right or erroneous, are discarded.

Then the essenCe of Bodhi [enlightenment] manifests itself prominently.

l7This stanza is for the 'Sudden' School.

It is also called the 'Big Ship of Dharma' [for sailing across the ocean of
existence].

Kalpa after Kalpa. a man may be under delusion;
But once enlightened. it takes him only a ksaua [moment] to attain
Buddhahood.

Before conclusion. the Patriarch added, ”Now, in this Tai Fan Temple, 1
have addressed you on the teaching of the ‘Sudden' School. May all sentient
beings of the Dharmadhatu [sphere of Law, tie. the Universe] instantly understand
the Law and attain Buddhahood."
After hearing what the Patriarch said. Prefect Wai. government officials,
Taoists and laymen were all enlightened. They made obeisance in a body and
exclaimed unanimously. “Well donel Well done! Who would have expected that
a Buddha was born in Kwong Tung? "



















CHAPTER m.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

One day Prefect Wai entertained the Patriarch and asked him to preach to
a big gathering. At the end of the feast' Prefect Wat asked him to mount the
pulpit. After bowing twice reverently in company with other officials, scholars, and
commoners, Prefect Wai said, ”I have heard what Your Holiness preached. It is
really so deep that it is beyond our mind and speech. Now I have some doubts
which I hope you will kindly clear up for me."
”If you have any doubts," replied the Patriarch, "please ask, and I shall
explain." ”What you preach are the fundamental principles taught by Bodhidharma.
Are they not?" “Yes," replied the Patriarch.

“I was told," said Prefect Wat, ”that in Bodhidharma's first interview with
Emperor Wu of Liang, he was asked what merits would the Emperor get for the
work of his life in building temples, allowing new monks to be ordained [royal con-
sent was necessary at that time], giving aims and entertaining the order; and his
reply was that really these Would bring no merits. Now, I cannot understand why
he gave such an ansWer. Will you please explain."
“Really these would bring no merits," replied the Patriarch. “Don't you
doubt the words of the past Sage [Bodhidharma]. Emperor Wu's mind was under
an err0neous impression and he did not know the orthodox teaching, Such deeds
as building temples, allowing new monks to be ordained, giving aims and entertaining
the order will bring you only felicities which should not be taken for merits. Merits
are to be found within the Dharmakaya [Body of the Law} and they have nothing
to do with practices for attaining felicities."
The Patriarch added, ”Realisation of the essence of mind is Kung [good
desert), and equality is Talc [good quality]. When our mental activity works without
any impediment, so that we are in a position to know constantly the true state and
the mysterious function of our own mind, then we are said to have acquired Kung
Talc {merits}. Within, to keep the mind in a condescending mood is Kung; and
without, to behave oneself according to propriety is Talc. That all things are the
manifestation of the essence of mind is Kung. and that the quintessenCe of mind is
free from idle thoughts is Tak. Not to go astray from the essence of mind is
Kung, and not to pollute the mind in using it is Talc. It you seek for merits within
the Dharmaknya and do it according to what I have just said, then what you acquire
are real merits. He who works for merits does not slight others; and on all occa-
sions, he treats every body with respect. He who is in the habit of looking down
upon others has not got rid of the erroneous idea of a self, which indicates his lack
of Kung. Because of his egotism and his habitual contempt for all others, he knows
not the real essence of mind; and this shows his lack of Tak. Learned Audience,
when our mental activity works without interruption, then it is Kung: and when
our mind functions in a straightforward manner, then it is Talc. To train our own
mind is Kung, and to train our own body is Tak. Learned Audience, merits should
l9be sought within the essence of mind and they cannot be acquired by almsgiving.
entertaining the monks, etc. We should thereiore distinguish between ielicities and
merits. There is nothing wrong in what our Patriarch said. It is Emperor Wu him-
self who did not know the true way."
Prefect Wai then asked the next question, “I notice that it is a common
practice for monks and laymen to recite the name of Amilabha with the hope of
being born in the Pure Land of the West. To clear up my doubts, will you please
tell me whether it is possible for them to be born there or not."
”Please listen to me carefully, Sir,‘ replied the Patriarch, “for I am going
to explain this to you new. According to the Sutra spoken by the Bhagavat in
Shravasti City for leading people to the Pure Land of the West. it is quite clear
that the Pure Land is not far away from here. But when we consider the distance
in mileage. it is 108,000 which really represent the ‘ten evils' and 'eight errors'
within us. On this account, we may say that it is far away. To those oi interior
mentality, it is certainly far away; but to the superior men, we may say that it is
quite near. Although the Dharma is uniform, men vary in their mentality. - Because
they differ from one another in their degree of enlightenment or ignorance, therefore
some understand the Law quicker than the others. While ignorant men recite the
name of Amitabha and pray to be born in the Pure Land; the enlightened purify
their mind, and as the Buddha said, ‘When the mind is pure, the Buddha Land is
simultaneously pure'.

“Although you are a native of the East. it your mind is pure, you are
sinless. On the other hand, even it you were a native of the West, an impure
mind could not free you from sin. When the people of the East commit a sin, they
recite the name of Amitabha and pray to be born in the West; but in the case of
the sinners who are natives of the West. where should they pray to be born in
then? Ordinary men and ignorant people understand neither the essence of mind
nor the Pure Land within themselves. so they wish to be born here or there (lite-
rally East or West]. To the enlightened. everywhere is the same: as the Buddha
said, ‘No matter where they happen to be, they are always happy and comfortable"
“Sir, if your mind is free from evil, the West is not far from here; but
difﬁcult indeed it would be for one whose heart is impure to be born there by
invoking Amitabha!

“Now, I advise you, Learned AudienCe, to do away with the 'ten evils' first,
then We would have travelled one hundred thousand miles. For the next step, do
away with the 'eight errors', and this would mean another eight thousand miles
traversed. If we can realise the essence of mind at all times and behave in a
straightforward manner on all occasions, in the twinkling of an eye we may reach
the Pure Land and there see the Amitabha at once.

"Sir, it you only put into practice the ten good deeds, then there would
be no necessity for you to be born there. On the other hand, it you do not do
away with the 'ten evils' in your mind, which Buddha will come to take you
there? If you understand the 'Birthless Doctrine' [which puts an end to the
cycle of birth and death] of the ‘Sudden' School, it takes you only a moment to
20see the West. It you do not understand, how can you reach there by reciting
the name of Amitabha, as the distance is so far? Now. how would you like it, if
I am going to shift the Pure Land to your presence within this moment, so that
all of you can see it?"
The congregation made obeisance and replied, ”If we might see the Pure
Land here, then there would be no necessity for us to desire to be born there.
Will Your Holiness kindly let all of us see it by having it removed here."
The Patriarch said, “Dear Sirs, the physical body of ours is the city. Our
eyes, ears, nose, and tongue are the gates. There are fiVe external gates (eyes,
ears, the nose, the tongue and the body], while the internal one is ideation. The
mind is the ground. The essence of mind is the King who lives in the domain of
the mind. While the essenCe of mind is in, the King is in, and our body and
mind exist. When the essence of mind is out, there would be no King and our
body and mind would decay. We should work for Buddhahood within the essence
oi mind, and we should not look for it apart from our-Selves. He who is kept in
ignorance oi his essence of mind is an ordinary being. He who is enlightened in
his essence of mind is a Buddha. To be merciful is Avalokitesvara [one of the
two principal Bodhisattvas of the Pure Land]. To take pleasure in almsgiving is
Mahasthama [name of the other Bodhisattva]. Competency tor a pure life is
Sakyamuni [one of the epithets of Buddha Gautama]. Equality and straight-
forwardness is Amitabha. The idea of a self (Atma) or that of a being is Mount
Meru. A depraved mind is the ocean. Ktesa (defilement) is the billow. Wicked-
ness is the evil dragon. Falsehood is the devil. The wearisome senseobiects are
the aquatic animals. Greed and hatred are the hells. Ignorance and infatuation
are the brutes.

”Learned Audience, if you constantly perform the ten good deeds, the
paradise will appear to you at once. When you get rid oi the idea of a self and
that of a being, Mount Meru will topple. When our mind is no longer depraved,
the ocean (oi existence] will be dried up. When you are free from Ktesa, billows
and waves [of the ocean of existence] will be calmed down. When wickedness is
alien to you. fish and evil dragons will die out.

“Within the domain of our mind, there is a Tathagata of Enlightenment
who sends forth a very powerful light that illuminates externally the six gates (of
sensation] and purifies them. This light is strong enough to pierce through the six
Kama Heavens [heavens of desire]; and when it is turned inwardly to the essence
of mind, it eliminates at once the three poisonous elements (greed. hatred. and
infatuation}, purges away immediately our sins which may lead us to the bells or
to the other evil realms, and enlightens us thoroughly within and wthout, so that
we are not different from those born in the Pure Land of the West. Now. if we
do not train ourselves up to this standard, how can We reach the Pure Land?"
Having heard what the Patriarch said, the congregation knew their essence
of mind very clearly. They made obeisance and exclaimed in one voice, "Well
done!" They also chanted, “May all the sentient beings of this Universe who
have heard this sermon at once understand it intuitively."
2|The Patriarch added. ”Learned Audience. those who wish to train them-
selves [spiritually] may do so at home. It is quite unnecessary for them to stay in
monasteries. Those who train themselves at home may be likened unto a native
of the East who is kind-hearted, while those who stay in monasteries but neglect
their work differ not from a native of the West who is evil in heart. So far as the
mind is pure, then it is the 'Western Pure Land of one's own essence of mind'."
Prefect Wat asked, “How should we train ourselves at home? Will you
please teach us."
The Patriarch replied, “I am going to give you a 'Formless' Stanza. If
you put its teaching into actual practice. you will be in the same position as those
who live with me permanently. 0n the other hand. if you do not practise it.
what progress can you make in the spiritual path, even though you cut your hair
and leave home for good (Le. to join the order]? The stanza reads :—
For a fair mind, observation of precepts [Sila] is unnecessary.

For straightforward behaviour, practice in Dhyana [contemplation] may he
disPensed with.

On the principle of gratefulness, we support our parents and serve them filially-
On the principle of righteousness, the superior and the inferior stand for
each other [in time of need}.

On the principle of complaisance, the senior and the junior are in
affectionate terms.

On the principle of forbearance (Ksanti), we quarrel not even in the midst
of a hostile crowd.

If we can persevere till fire can be obtained through rubbing a piece of wood,
Then the red lotus [the Buddha-nature) will surely shoot out from the
black mire (the unenlightened state].

That which is of bitter taste is bound to be good medicine.

That which sounds unpleasant to the ear is certainly a frank advice.

By amending our mistakes, We get wisdom.

By defending our faults, we betray an unsound mind.

In our daily life, we should as a rule practise altruism.

But Buddhahood is not to be attained by giving away money as charity.

Bodhi is to be found within our own mind,
And there is no necessity to look for mysticism from without.

Heaters of this stanza who put its teaching into actual practice
Will find paradise in their very presence.

The Patriarch added, “Learned Audience, all of you should put into
practice what is taught in this stanza, so that you can realise the essence of mind
and attain Buddhahood directly. The Dharma waits for no one. I am going back
to Tso Kai, so the assembly may now break up. If you have any doubt, you
may go there to ask me."
At this juncture, Prefect Wai, the government officials, pious men. and
devout ladies who were present were all enlightened. Faithfully they accepted
the teaching and put it into practice.



CHAPTER IV.

SAMADHI AND PRAJNA
(Concentration and Wisdom).

The Patriarch [on one occasion] preached to the assembly as tollows:——
Learned Audience, in my system, Samadhi and Prajna are fundamental.
But you should not be under the wrong impression that these two are independent
of each other, for they are inseparably united and are not two entities. Samadhi
is the quintessence of Praina, while Praina is the activity of Samadhi. At the
very moment when We attain Praina, Samadhi is therewith: and vice Versa. If
you understand this principle, you know what is the equilibrium of Samadhi and
Praina. A disciple should not say that there is a distinction between ’Samadhi
begets Praina' and ‘Praina begets Samadhi'. To hold such an opinion would
imply that there are two characteristics in the Dharma.

For one whose tongue is ready with good words but whose heart is im-
pure, Samadhi and Prajna are uselessI because they do not balance each other.
On the other hand, when we are good in mind as well as in words and when our
outward appearance and our inner feelings harmonise with each other, then it is a
case of equilibrium of Samadhi and Praina.

Argument is unnecessary for an enlightened disciple. To argue whether
Prajna or Samadhi comes first would put one in the same position as those who
are under delusion. Argument implies a desire to win; strengthens egotisrn: and
ties us to the belief in the idea of a Self, of a being, of a living being. and of a
person.

Learned Audience. what may Samadhi and Praina be analogous to? They
may be analogous to a lamp and its light. With the lamp, there is light. Without
it, it would be dark. The lamp is the quintessence of the light and the light is the
expression of the lamp. In name they are two things, but in substance they are
one and the same. It is the same case with Samadhi and Prajna.

(On another occasion), the Patriarch preached to the assembly as follows:—
Learned Audience, to practice the ‘Samadhi of Specific Mode' is to make
it a rule to be straightorward on all occasions-mo matter we are walking. stand-
ing, sitting, or reclining. The Vimalakirti Nirdesa Sutra says, “Straightforwardness
is the holy place, the Pure Land." Don't let your mind be crooked and practise
straightforwardness with your lips only. We should practise straightforwardness
and should not attach enrselves obstinately to anything. People under delusion
believe obstinately in Dharmalaksana [phenomenal objects, or things and form] and
so they are stubborn in having their own way of interpreting the ‘Samadhi of
Specific Mode' which they deﬁne as 'sitting quietly and continuously without
letting any idea arising from the mind'. Such an interpretation would rank us
with inanimate objects and it is a stumbling block to the right Path. Learned
Audience, the Path should be kept open, how can we block it up? Should we
23free our mind from attachment to all things [Dharma). the Path would be clear,
otherwise. we would have ourselves under restraint.* If that interpretation ‘sitting
quietly and continuously etc.' be correct. why on one occasion Sariputta was
reprimanded by Virmalakirti for sitting quietly in the wood? 'i‘
Learned Audience, some teachers of meditation instruct their disciples to
keep a watch on their mind for tranquility. so that it will cease from activity.
Henceforth the disciples give up the exertion of their mind. Ignorant persons who
understand not become insane for having too much confidence on such instruction.
Such cases are not rare. and it is a great mistake to teach others to do so.

(On another occasion], the Patriarch addressed the assembly as follows:—
In orthodox Buddhism. the distinction between the 'Sudden' School and
the 'Gradual' one really exists not: the only difference recognised is that by
nature some men are quick-witted. while others are dull in understanding. Those
who are enlightened realise the truth in a sudden. while those who are under
delusion have to train themselves gradually. But such a difference will disappear.
when we know cur own mind and realise our own nature. Therefore these terms.
IGradual' and ‘Sudden'. are more apparent than real.

Learned Audience, it has been the tradition of our school to take 'Idea-
lessness' as our object. ‘Non-objectivity' as our basis. and 'Non-attachment' as
our fundamental principle. 'Non-obiecLivity' means not to be absorbed by objects
when in contact with objects. I'Idea-lessness' means not to be carried away by
any particular idea in the exercise of the mental faculty. 'Non-attachment' is the
characteristic of our essence of mind.

*A Bhikkhu once asked Dhyana Master Shel: Tau [.6 ii 13,]. a successor to one of the Sixth
Patriarch's disciples. “What is emancipation?" The Master asked him in return. "Who puts you
under restraint?" The significance of this answer is practically the same as that of our text here.
Again when the Sixth Patriarch said that the Fifth Patriarch would not discuss on Dhyana and
Emancipation but on the realisation ol the essence of mind [Chapter I). he expressed the same idea
too.

—DIH PING TSZE.

‘f'Virmalakirti said to Sariputta. "As to sitting quietly. it should mean that one does not
put in an appearance within the three worlds [122. to have an existence above the World of Desire.
the World of Matter and the World of Non-Matter]. It should mean that while remaining in
Nirodha Samapatti {Ecstacy with cessation of consciousneSs]. one is able to do the various bodily
movements such as walking. standing. sitting. or reclining. etc. It should mean that without deviat-
ing from the Norm. one is able to discharge various temporal duties. It should mean that one
abides neither within nor without. It should mean that one practises the thirty-seven Bodhipaksa
{Wings of enlightenment] without being moved by heretical views. It should mean that without
exterminating Klesas (deiilements). one may enter Nirvana. He who is able to sit thus will be
approved by the Buddha.”
—VIRMALAKIRTI NIRDESA SUTRA.

24Towards all things—good or bad. beautiful 0: ugly—we should treat all of
them as void; and even in time of disputes and quarrels, we should treat our
intimates and our enemies alike and never think of retaliation. In the exercise of
our thinking faculty, let the past be dead. If we allow our thoughts, the past, one,
the present, and the future ones, to link up in a series, we would put ourselves
P' under restraint. 0n the other hand, if we let our mind attach to nothing at all
times and towards all things, we gain emancipation. For this reason, we take
'Non-attachment' as our fundamental principle.

Learned Audience, to free ourselves from absorption in all external objects
is called 'Non-obiectivity'. When we are in a position to do so, the nature of
Dharma will be pure. For this reason, we take 'Non-obiectivitv' as our basis.

Learned Audience, to keep our mind free from defilernent under all
circumstances is called ‘Idea-lessness'. Our mind should stand aloof from circum-
stances, and or: no account should we allow them to influence the function of our
mind. But it is a great mistake to suppress our mind from all thinking; for even
if we succeed in getting rid of all thoughts and die immediately thereafter, still we
shall be reincarnated elsewhere. {Note: Such an attainment is useless, for it
, cannot free us from incessant re-births). Mark this, treaders of the Path. It is
l bad enough for a man to commit blunders for not knowing the purport of the Law,
' but how much worse would it be to encourage others to follow suit? Being
deluded. he sees not andin addition he blasphemes the Buddhist Canon. There-
fore we take 'Idea-lessness' as our object.

I Learned Audience. (let me eXplain more fully] why we take 'Idea-lessness'
as our object. Because there is a type of man under delusion who cants of the
realisation of the essence of mind; but being carried away by circumstances,
idea rises in his mind, followed by erraneous views which are the sources of all
sorts of false notions and defilements [Klesa]. In the essence of mind (which is
the embodiment of void], there is intrinsically nothing to be attained. To sayr
that there is attainment and to talk thoughtlessly on merits or demerits are errone-
ous views and Klesas. For this reason, We take 'Idea-lessness' as the object of
our school.

Learned Audience, [in ‘Idea-Iessness'] what should we get rid of and
I what should we fix our mind to? \We should get rid of the ‘pairs of opposites'
and all conceptions of Klesas. We should fix our mind to the true nature of
Tathata [Suchness}. Tathata is the quintessence of idea, and idea is the result of
the activity of Tathata.

It is the attribute [or positive essence) of Tathata—not the sense organs——
that gives rise to idea. Tathata bears its own attribute, and therefore it can give
rise to idea. Without Tathata, the sense organs and the sense objects would perish
immediately. Learned Audience, because it is the attribute of Tathata that gives
25ii
rise to idea, our sense organs—in spite of their functioning in seeing. hearing,
touching. knowing. eta—may not be tainted or deﬁJed under all circumstances, and
our true nature may be 'Self-maniiested' all the time. Therefore the Suite says,
”He who is an adept in the discrimination of various Dharmalakshana [things and
phenomena] will be immovably installed in the ‘First Principle' (tie. the E}: 4% ﬂ
blissful abiding place of the Holy. or NirvanaJ."



























CHAPTER V.

DHYANA
( Meditation or Contemplation).

The Patriarch [one day) preached to the assembly as follows:—
In our system of meditation, it is. fundamentally. neither to dwell upon
the mind [in contradistinction to the essence of mind] nor upon purity. Nor does
it mean non-activity. As to dwelling upon the mind. the mind is primarily delusive:
and when we realise that it is only a phantasm. there is no necessity to dwell upon
it. As to dwelling upon purity. our nature is intrinsically pure; and so far as we
get rid of all delusive idea. there will be nothing but purity in our nature, for it
is the delusive idea that obscures Tathata [SuchneSS]. If we direct our mind to
dwell upon purity. we are only creating another delusion. the delusion of purity.
Since delusion has no abiding place. it is delusive to dwell upon it. Purity has
neither shape nor form: but some people go so far as to invent the ’Form of
Purity'. and treat it as a problem for solution. Holding such an opinion. these people
are purity-ridden. and their essence of mind is thereby obscured.

Learned Audience. those who train themselves for ‘Imperturbation' should
see not. in their contact with all types of men. the fault of others. They should
be indifferent to others' merit or demerit. good or evil. To take up such an
attitude would be a case of ’Imperturbation of the essence of mind'. Learned
Audience. 3. man unenlightened may be unperturbed physically; but as soon as he
opens his mouth. he criticises others and talks about their merits or demerits. ability
or weakness, good or evil: thus he deviates from the right courSe. On the other
hand. to dwell upon our own mind or upon purity is also a stumbling-block in the
Path.

The Patriarch once preached to the assembly as follows:—
Learned Audience. what is meditation [i ii to sit. to meditate)? In our
school, i [to sit] means to gain absolute freedom and to be mentally unperturbed
under all outward circumstances—be they good or otherwise. 7:1? [to meditate]
means to realise inwardly the imperturbation of the essence of mind.

Learned Audience, what are Dhyana [meditation] and Samadhi [concent-
ration or exalted ecstacy]? Dhyana means to be free from attachment to all outer
objects and Samadhi means to attain inner peace. If we are attached to outer
objects. our inner mind will be perturbed. When we are free frOm attachment to
all outer objects. the mind will be in peace. Our essence of mind is intrinsically
pure, and the reason why we are perturbed is simply because we allow ourselves
to be carried away by the very circumstances we are under. He who is able to
keep his mind unperturbed. irrespective of circumstances. has attained real Samadhi.

27Learned Audience, to be free from attachment to all outer objects is Dhyana,
and to attain inner peace is Samadhi. When we are in a position to deal with
Dhyana and to keep our inner mind in Samadhi. then we are said to have attained
Dhyana and Samadhi. The Bodhisattva Sila Sutra says. “ Our essence of mind is
intrinsically pure." Learned Audience, let us realise this for ourselves at all times
[literally from one Ksana, momentary sensation, to another]. Let us train ourselves,
practise it by ourselves, and attain Buddhahood by our own effort. '







CHAPTER VI.

ON REPENTANCE
(Ksamayatil.

Once there was a big gathering of scholars and commoners from KWOng
Chow. Shiu Chow. and various places to wait upon the Patriarch to preach to
them in this mountain [i.e.. the mountain where the monastery was]. Seeing this.
the Patriarch mounted the pulpit and delivered the following address :—
Come. you good people. In Buddhism. We should start from our essence
of mind. At all times. let us purity our own mind from one Ksana [momentary
sensation) to another, tread the Path by our own efforts. see our own Dharmakaya
[Body of the Law]. realise the Buddha of our own mind. and deliver ourselves by
a personal observance of the disciplinary rules [Silas]: then your visit here is not
in vain. Since all of you came from very far. the possibility of our meeting here
shows that there is a good Pratyaya (relationship or affinity] among us. Now
let us kneel down in the Indian fashion. I'll first transmit you the 'Formless'
Repentance.

When they had knelt down. the Patriarch continuedz—The first is the Sila
[disciplinary rules] Incense which means that our mind is free from taints of
misdeeds, evils. jealousy. avarice. anger. spoliation. and hatred. The second is the
Samadhi [exalted ecstacy] Incense which means that our mind is unperturbed
under all circumstances—favourable or unfavourable. The third is the Praina
[Wisdom] Incense which means that our mind is free from all impediments; that
we constantly introspect our essence of mind with wisdom; that we refrain from
doing all kinds of evil deeds; that although We do all kinds of good acts. yet we
do not let our mind be attached to [the fruits] of such actions; and that we are
respectful towards our superiors. considerate to our interiors, and sympathetic to
the destitute and the poor. The fourth is the Incense of Liberation which means
that our mind is in such an absolutely free state that it clings to nothing and
bother itself neither with good nor with evil. The fifth is the Incense ot 'Know-
ledge obtained consequent on the Attainment of Liberation'. When our mind
clings to neither good nor evil. we should take care not to let it dwell upon the
‘void'. or remain in a state of inertia. What we should do at this juncture is to
further our study and broaden our knowledge. so that we can know our own
mind. understand thoroughly the principles of Buddhism. be congenial to others in
our dealings with them, get rid of the idea of ‘self' and that of 'being', and
realise that up to the time when we attain Bodhi [enlightenment]. the 'true nature'
[or essence of mind] is always immutable. Such then is the Incense of ‘Knowledge
obtained consequent on the Attainment of Liberation'.

Learned Audience, this fivefold Incense iumigates us from within and we
should not look for it from without. Now. I am going to instruct you the 'Form-
less' Repentance which will expiate our sins committed in our present. past. and
future lives. and purify our physical. oral, and mental Karmas [actions].

29Learned Audience, please follow me and repeat what I am going to say.
Now let us say this together:—
May we. disciples so and so. from the past Ksana [momentary sensations)
to the present and the future ones he always free from the taints of ignorance
and delusion. Allow us to repent of all our past sins and evil deeds committed
under delusion or in ignorance. May they be expiated at once and may they
never arise again.

May we. disciples so and so. from the past Ksana to the present and the
future ones he always free from the :taints of arrogance [Mada] and dishonesty
[Sathya]. Allow us to repent of all our evil deeds. arrogant behaviour. dishonest
dealings, etc. committed in the past. May they be expiated at once and may they
never arise again.

May we. disciples so and so. from the past Ksana to the present and the
future ones be always free from the taints of envy and jealousy. Allow us to
repent of all our past sins and evil deeds committed in an envious or jealous
spirit. May they be expiated at once and may they never arise again.

Learned Audience, this is what we call ‘Formless Chen Fu' [repentance].
Now what is the meaning of Chen and Fu [the Chinese phonetic rendering of
Ksamayati)? Chen refers to the repentance of past sins. To repent of all our
past sins and evil deeds committed under delusion, ignorance. arrogance. dis-
honesty. jealousy. or envy. etc., so as to put an end to all of them is called Chen.
Fu refers to that part of repentance concerning our future conduct. Having realised
the nature of our transgression. [we make a vow} that hereafter we shall put an-
end to all kinds of evil committed under delusiOnt ignorance. arrogance, dishonesty.
jealousy. or envy. and that we shall never sin again: this is F11.

On account of ignorance and delusion. common people know not that in
repentance they have not only to feel sorry for their past sins but also to refrain
from sinning in the future. Since they take no heed of their future conduct. they
commit sins anew before the past ones are expiated. When this is the case. how
can we call it ’Repentance'?

Learned Audience. having repented of our sins. we shall take the following
four all-embracing vows. Now listen very carefully.

We vow to deliver an infinite number of sentient beings of our own mind
[Buddhists believe that all things are nothing but phenomena in mind).

We vow to get rid of the inexhaustible evil passions [Klesa] of our own mind.
We vow to learn the countless systems of Dharma of our essence of mind.

We vow to attain the Supreme Buddhahood of our essence of mind.

Learned Audience. all of us have now declared that we vow to deliver
an infinite number of sentient beings: but what does that mean? It does not mean
that I. Wei Lang. is going to deliver them. And who are these sentient beings
within our mind? They are the delusive mind. the deseitful mind. the evil mind.

30and such like minds—all these are sentient beings. Each of them has to deliver
himself by means of his owu eSsence of mind. Then the deliverance is a genuine
one.

Now, what does it mean by delivering oneself by one's own essence of
mind? It means the deliverance of the ignorant, the delusive, and the vexatious
beings within our mind by means of Right Views. With the aid of Right Views
and Praina-Wisdom, the barriers of these ignorant and delusive beings may be
broken up; so that each of them is in a position to deliver himself by his own
efforts. Let the fallacious be delivered by tightness: the delusive by enlighten—
ment; the ignorant by wisdom; and the malevolent by benevolence: such then is
genuine deliverance.

As to the vow, ‘we vow to get rid of the inexhaustible evil passions', it
refers to the substitution of our unreliable and illusive thinking faculty by the
Praina-Wisdom [transcendental wisdom] of our essence of mind.

As to the vow, 'we vow to learn countless systems of Dharmas', it may
be remarked that there would he no true learning until we have seen face to face
our essence of mind and until we conform to the orthodox Dharrna on all occasions
As to the vow, ‘we vow to attain Supreme Buddhahood', I wish to point
out that when we are able to bend our mind to follow the true and orthodox
Dharma on all occasions, and when Prajna always rises in our mind, so that we
can hold aloof from ignorance as well as from enlightenment and do away with
falsehood as well as truth; (Note: Because these are only pairs of opposites]
then we may consider ourselves as having realised the Buddha-nature, or in other
words, having attained Buddhahood under the very utterance of [our teacher).

Learned Audience, we should always hear in mind that We are treading
the Path: for thereby strength will be added to our vows. Now, since all of us
have taken these four all-embracing vows, let me teach you the ’Formless Three-
fold Guidance '.

We take 'Enlightenment' as our Guide, because it is the culmination of
both Punya [merit] and Prajna (wisdom).

We take ‘Orthodoxy' as our Guide, because it is the supreme means to
get rid of desire.

We take 'Purity' as our Guide, because it is the noblest quality of mankind.

Hereafter, let the 'Enlightened One' be our teacher; and on no account
should we accept the evil Mara [the demon of passions, etc., the personification
of evil] or any heretic as our guide. This we should testify to ourselves by cons-
tantly appealing to the 'Three Gems' of our essence of mind, which, Learned
Audience, I advise you to take refuge in. They are:—
Buddha which stands for Enlightenment.
Dharma (the Law] which stands for Orthodoxy.
Sangha (the Order) which stands for Purity.

3|To let our mind to take refuge in 'Enlightenment' so that evil and delusive
notions arise not, desire decreases, discontent is unknown. and lust and greed
bind us not—this is the culmination ot Punya and Prajna.

To let our mind to take refuge in ‘Orthodoxy' so that from one Ksana to
another, we are always free from wrong views {without wrong views, there would
be no egotism. arrogance, conceit, craving, and bigotryl-this is the supreme means
to get rid of desire.

To let our mind to take refuge in ‘Purity' so that no matter under what
. circumstances it may be, it will not be contaminated by the wearisome sense~
objects, craving and desire—this is the noblest quality of mankind.

To practise the ‘Threefold Guidance' in the way as above mentioned
means to take refuge in oneself [i.e., in one's OWn essence of mind]. ignorant
persons, from day to night, take the ‘Threefold Guidance'; but they understand it
not. If they say they take refuge in Buddha, do they know where He is? If
they cannot see Buddha, how can they take refuge in Him? Would not such an
assertion amount to a lie?

Learned Audience, each of you should consider and examine this point
yourself and let not your energy be misapplied. The Sutra distinctly says that we
should take refuge in the Buddha within ourselves, and it does not mention that
we should take refuge in other Buddhas. [Moreover], there is no other place for
us to retreat, if we do not take refuge in the Buddha within ourselves.

Having cleared up this point, let each of us take refuge in the ‘Three
Gems' within our mind. Within, we should control our mind; without, we should
be respectful towards others—this is the way to take refuge within ourselves.

Learned Audience, since all of you have taken the 'Threefold Guidance',
1am going to speak to you on the Trikaya [three bodies or aspects) of the
Buddha of our essence of mind, so that you can see these three bodies and realise
clearly the essence of mind. Please listen very carefully and repeat this after me :—
With our physical body, We take refuge in the Pure Dharmakaya [Body
of the Law] of Buddha.

With our physical body, we take refuge in the Perfect Sambhogakaya
[Body of Compensation or Body of Endowment) of Buddha.

With our physical body, we take refuge in the Myriad Nirmanakaya (Body
of Transformation or Body of Incarnation] of Buddha.

Learned Audience, our physical body may be likened unto an inn (he, a.
temporary abode], so we cannot take refuge there. Within our essence of mind,
the above-mentioned Trikaya of Buddha are to be found; and they are common
to every body. Because the mind {of an ordinary man) labours under delusions,
he knows not his own inner nature; and the result is that he ignores the Trikaya
within himself, (erroneously believing] that they are to be sought fromvwithout.
Please listen, I am going to show you that within yourself you can see the Trikaya,
which, being the manifestation of the essence of mind, are not to be sought
from without.

32Now, what is the Pure Dharmakaya? Our essence of mind is intrinsically
pure: all things, [good or evil], are only its manifestations, and good deeds and
evil deeds are only the result of good thoughts and evil thoughts respectively.
Thus, within the essence of mind, all things [are intrinsically pure), like the azure
of the sky and the radiance of the sun and the moon, which. when obscured by
passing clouds, may appear as if their brightness had been dimmed; but as soon
as the clouds are blown off, brightness pervades and all objects are fully illu-
minated. Learned Audience. our whimsical habits may be likened unto the clouds:
while sagacity and wisdom [Praina], the sun and the moon reSpectively. When
We attach ourselves to outer objects. our essence of mind is beclouded by wanton
thoughts which prevent our ever-illuminative Sagacity and wisdom from sending
forth their light. But should we be fortunate enough to get learned and pious
teachers to make knowu the Orthodox Dharma to us, then. we may with our own
efforts do away with ignorance and delusion, so that We are enlightened both
within and without, and the [true nature) of all things manifests itself within our
essence of mind. This is exactly the case with those who have seen face to face
the essence of mind. and this is what is called the Pure Dharmakaya of Buddha.

Learned Audience, to take refuge in a true Buddha is to take refuge in
our own essence of mind. He who does so should get rid of, from his essence
of mind, the evil mindI the jealous mind. the adulatory and crooked mind, egotism.
deceit and falsehood. contemptuousness. snobbishness. fallacious vieWS. arrogance,
and all other evils that may arise at any time. To take refuge in ourself is to be
constantly on the alert for our own mistakes. and to refrain from criticism of
other's merits or faults. He who is humble and meek on all occasions and is
polite to every body has thoroughly realised his essence of mind, so thoroughly that
his Path is free from further obstacles. This is the way to take refuge in ourself
What is the Perfect Samhhogakaya? Let us take the illustration of a lamp.
Since the light of a lamp can break up darkness that has been there for thousand
yearsI so a spark of Wisdom can do away with ignorance that has lasted for ages.
We need not bother about the past, for the past is gone and irrecoverable. What
demands our attention is the future; so let our thoughts from Ksana to Ksana
(momentary sensation] be clear and round, and let us see face to face our essence
of mind. Good and evil are opposite to each other, but their quintessenca cannot
be dualistic. This non-dualistic nature is called the true nature (tie, the absolute
reality] which can neither be contaminated by evil, nor affected by good. This
is what is called the Sambhogakaya of Buddha.

One single evil thought from our essence of mind would spoil the good
merits accumulated in aeons of time, while a good thought from that same source
can expiate all our sins. though they are as many as the grains of sand in the
Ganges. To realise our own essence of mind from Ksana to Ksana without
intermission until We attain Supreme Enlightenment [Bodhi), so that we are
perpetually in a state of Right Mindfulness, is the Sambhogakaya.

Now. what is the Myriad Nirmanakaya? When we subject ourselves to
the least discrimination or particularization, transformation takes place; otherwise,
all things are as void as space. as they inherently are. By dwelling our mind on
33evil things. hell arises. By dwelling our mind on good acts. paradise becomes.
Dragons and snakes are the transformation of venomous hatred. while Bodhisattvas
[Enlighteners of sentient beings) are mercy personified. The upper regions
[various heavens] is Prajna crystallized, while the underworld [Narakas. the place
of the wicked] is only another form assumed by ignorance and infatuation. Num-
erous indeed is the transformation of the essence of mind! People under delusion
awake not and understand not; they bend their minds always on evil. and as a
rule practise evil. But should they turn their minds from evil to righteousness even
for a moment, Prajna instantly arises. This is what is called the Nirmanakaya of
the Buddha of the essence of mind.

Learned Audience. the Dharmakaya is intrinsically self-sufficient. To see
face to face from Ksana to Ksana [i.e., continuously. without interruption] our own
essence of mind is the Samhhogakaya of Buddha. To dwell our mind on the
Sambhogakaya [so that Wisdom or Praina arises] is the Nirmanakaya. To attain
enlightenment by our own efforts and to practise by ourself the goodness inherent
in our essence of mind would be a genuine case of 'Taking Refuge '. Our physical
body consisting of flesh and skin, etc. is nothing more than a tenement or an inn
[for temporary use only], so we do not take refuge therein. But let us realise '
the Trikaya of our essence of mind. then we shall know the Buddha of our
essence of mind.

Ihave a 'Formless' Stanza. the reciting and the practising of which will
_at once dispel the delusions and expiate the sins accumulated in numerous Kalpas.
This is the stanza:—
People under delusions accumulate tainted merits [for favourable rebirths
in this world or in upper worlds ). but tread not the Path.

They are under the impression that to accumulate merits and to tread the
Path are one and the same thing.

Their merits for aims-giving and offerings though are infinite.

But [they realise not) that the ultimate source of sin lies in the three
venomous elements [129. greed, hatred. and infatuation] within their
own mind.

They expect to exPiate their sins by merit-accumulating
Without knowing that felicities obtained in future lives have nothing to do
with the expiation of sins.

Why not get rid of sin within our own mind?

Then it is a case of true repentance. tie. repentance within our essence of
mind.

[A sinner) who realises suddenly what constitutes true repentance in the
Mahayana [The Great Vehicle] School,
And who ceases from doing evil and practises righteousness. is free from
sin.

34A treader of the Path who keeps a constant watch on his essence of mind
May be classified in the same group as the various Buddhas.
Our Patriarchs transmitted no other system of Law but this ‘Sudden' one.

May all followers of it see 'face to face their essence of mind and be at
once with the Buddhas.

It you are going to look for the Dharmakaya.

See it above Dharmalaksana [things and form, phenomena], and then your
mind will be pure.

Exert yoursalf in order to see face to face the essence of mind, and relax
not:
For Death may come suddenly and put an abrupt end to your earthly
existence.

Those who happen to understand the Mahayana teaching and are thus able
to realise the essence of mind
Should reverently put their palms together [as a Sign of respect] and
fervently seek for the Dharmakaya.

The Patriarch then added:—
Learned Audience, all of you should recite this stanza and put it into
actual practice. Should you be able to realise your essence of mind. after reciting
it, then you may consider yourself to be always in my presence, though actually
you are thousand miles away from me. But should you be unable to do so, then
though we are face to face to each other, we are really thousand miles apart. In
that case, what is the use of taking the trouble to come here from such a long
distance? Take good care of yourself. Good-bye.

The whole assembly, after hearing what the Patriarch had said. became
enlightened. In a very happy mood. they accepted his teaching and put it into
practice.












****** Result for Image/Page 1 ******
CHAPTER VII
DIALOGUES OF THE PATRIARCH.
(The literal translation Of the title of this chapter is 'Temperament and Circumstances'.
which means ' Instructions given according to the disciples' temperament and to the
circumstances of the case '0
Upon the Patriarch's return to Tso Hau Village of Shiu Chow from Wong
Mui where the Dharma was duly transmitted to him, he was still an unknown
figure. At that time, it was a Confucian scholar named Liu Chi Luk who gave him
a warm welcome and a liberal treat. Chi Luk happened to have an aunt named
Wu Chun Chong who was a Bhikkhuni (a female member of the Order). She used
to recite the Maha-Parinirvana Sutra. After hearing the recitation for only a short
while, the Patriarch grasped the profound meaning of that work and began to ex-
plain it to her. Whereupon, she picked up the book and asked him the meaning
of certain words.
' 'l am illiterate," he replied, "but should you wish to know the purport of
this work, please ask." "How can you catch the meaning of the text, " she rejoin-
ded "when you do not know even the words ?" To this he replied, ' 'The pro-
fundity of the teachings of the various Buddhas has nothing to do with the written
language. "
This answer surprised her very much; and knowing that he was no ordinary
Bhikkhu, she made it widely known to the pious elders of the village. "This is a
holy man," she added, "and we should ask him to stay and get his permission to
allow us to supply him food and lodging. "
Whereupon, a descendant of Marquis Wu of Ai Dynasty, named Tso Shuk
Leung, together with other villagers came one afternoon to tender homage to the
Patriarch. The historical Po Lam Monastery devastated by war at the end of Chu
Dynasty was then reduced to a heap of ruin. On the old site, they rebuilt it and
asked the Patriarch to stay there. Before long, it became a very famous temple.
After being there for nine months and odd days, his wicked enemies traced
him and persecuted him again. Thereupon, he took refuge in a yonder hill. The
villains then set fire to the wood (where he was in hiding), but he escaped by
forcing his way to a rock. This rock which has since been known as the 'Rock of
Refuge' has thereon the knee-prints of the Patriarch in the squatting pose and also
the impressions of the texture of his gown.
Recollecting the instruction of his master, the Fifth Patriarch, that he should
stop at Wei and seclude himself at Wui, he made these two districts (i.e. Wei Chap
and Sze Wui) his places of retreat as well as his circuit.
Bhikkhu Fat Hoi, a native of Hook Kong of Shiu Chow, in his first inter-
view with the Patriarch, aSked the meaning of that well-known saying, 'What mind
36

****** Result for Image/Page 2 ******
is, Buddha is.' •The Patriarch replied, "Let not a passing thought rise up again is
'mind'. Let not the coming thought be annihilated is Buddha. To manifest all kinds
of phenomena is mind'. To be free from all forms (i.e. to realise the unreality
and the illusiveness of every conceivable form of phenomena) is Buddha. If I am
going to give you a full explanation, the topic cannot be exhausted even I take up
the whole time of one Kalpa. So listen to my stanza
Prajna is What mind is',
Samadhi is 'What Buddha is'.
In practising Praina and Samadhi, let each keep pace with the other,
Then our thoughts will be pure.
This teaching can be understood
Only through the 'habit of practice
Samadhi functions, but inherently it becomes not.
The orthodox teaching is to practise Prajna as well as Samadhi.
After hearing what the Patriarch had said, Fat Hoi was at once enlightened.
He praised the Patriarch with the following stanza
'What mind is, Buddha is' is naturally true, indeed !
But I humiliate myself by not understanding it.
Now I know the principal cause of Prajna and Samadhi,
Both of which I shall practise to set me free from all forms (i.e. arbitrary
concept of phenomena).
Bhikkhu Fat Tat, a native of Hung Chow, who joined the order at the early
age of seven, used to recite the Saddharma Pundarika Sutra (Lotus of the Good
Law Sutra). When he came to tender homage to the Patriarch, be failed to lower
his head down to the ground. For his mutilated courtesy, the Patriarch reproved
him, saying, 'l If you object to lower your head down to the ground, would it not
be better to do away with salutation entirely? There must be something in your
mind that makes you so puffed up. Please tell me what work do you do in your
daily exercise. "
"Reciting the Saddharma Pundarika Sutra replied Fat Tat, "l have read
the whole text three thousand times. "
"Had you grasped the meaning of the Sutra, " remarked the Patriarch, you
would not have assumed such a lofty bearing, even if you had read it ten thousand
times. When this is the case, you are then treading the same Path as mine. But
now what you have accomplished has already made you so self-conceited, and
moreover, you do not seem to realise that this is wrong. Listen to my stanza
Since the object of ceremony is to curb arrogance,
Why did you *fail to lower your head to the ground ?
'To believe in a self (egoism)' is the source of sin,
But 'to treat any attainment as void' attains merit incomparable indeed
The Patriarch then asked for his name, and upon being told that his name
was Fat Tat (meaning Understanding of the Law), he remarked, "Your name is
37

****** Result for Image/Page 3 ******
Fat Tat, but you have not yet understood the Law."
by uttering another stanza
Your name is Fat Tat.
Dilligently and steadily you recite the Sutra.
He concluded his remark
Lip-repetition of the text goes by the pronunciation only (i.e. without
grasping the meaning),
But he whose mind is enlightened by grasping the meaning, is a Bodhisattva
indeed !
On account of Pratyaya (conditions which bring about an: given phenomena)
which may be traced to our past lives,
Let me explain this to you.
If you only believe that Buddha speaks no words (i.e. truth is ineffable),
Then the Lotus will blossom in your mouth (i.e. you will then know the
right way to recite a Sutra).
Having heard this stanza, Fat Tat became remorseful and apologised to the
Patriarch. He added, "Hereafter, I will be humble and polite on all occasions. As
I do not quite understand the meaning of the Sutra I recite, I am always doubtful
as to its proper interpretation. With your profound knowledge and high wisdom,
will you kindly give me a short explanation? "
The Patriarch replied, "Fat Tat, the Law is quite clear: it is only your
mind that is not clear. The Sutra is free from doubtful passages: it is only your
mind that makes them doubtful. In reciting the Sutra, do you know its principal
object ? 'i
"How can I know, Sir," replied Fat Tat, J' since I am so dull and stupid ?
What I know is to recite it word by word."
The Patriarch then said, Will you please recite the Sutra over once, as I
cannot read it myself. I shall then explain the meaning to you."
Fat Tat recited the Sutra loudly. When he came to that chapter entitled
'Parables', the Patriarch stopped him, saying, "The key-note of this Sutra is to set
forth the aim and object of a Buddha's incarnation in this world. Though parables
and illustrations are numerous in this book, none of them goes beyond this pivotal
point. Now, what is that object? What is that aim? The Sutra says, 'It is for
a sole object, a sole aim, verily a lofty object and a lofty aim that the Buddha
appears in this world.' Now that sole object, that sole aim, that lofty object, that
lofty aim referred to is the sight of Buddha-Knowledge.
Common people attach themselves to objects without; (i.e. to accept
phenomenal things as something real) and within, they fall into the wrong idea of
'Vacuity' (which involves the fallacious view of annihilation). Should they be able
to free themselves from attachment to objects when in contact with objects, and to
free themselves from the fallacious view of annihilation on the doctrine of 'Void '
(cunya); then they are free from delusions within and from illusions without. He
who understands this and whose mind is thus enlightened in an instant is said to
have opened his eyes for the sight of Buddha-Knowledge.
38

****** Result for Image/Page 4 ******
"The word 'Buddha' is equivalent to 'Enlightenment', which may be dealt
with (as in the Sutra) under four heads
To open the eyes for the sight of Enlightenment-knowledge.
To show the sight of Enlightenment-knowledge.
To awake to the sight of Enlightenment-knowledge.
To be firmly established in the Enlightenment-knowledge.
Should we be able, upon being taught, to grasp and understand thoroughly
the teaching of Enlightenment-knowledge, then our inherent quality or true nature,
i.e. the Enlightenment-knowledge, will have an opportunity to manifest itself. You
should not misinterpret the text and come to the conclusion that Buddha-knowledge
is something special to Buddha and not common to us, because you happen to find
in the Sutra this passage, 'To open the eyes for the sight of Buddha-knowledge,
to show the sight of Buddha-knowledge, etc.' Such a misinterpretation would
amount to slandering Buddha and blaspheming the Sutra. Since he is a Buddha,
he is already in possession of this Enlightenment-knowledge and there is no
occasion for himself to open his eyes for it. You should therefore accept the
interpretation that Buddha-knowledge is the Buddha-knowledge of your own mind
and not that of any other Buddha.
Being infatuated by sense-objects and thereby shutting themselves from
their own light, all sentient beings, tormented by outer circumstances and inner
vexations, act voluntarily as slaves to their own desires. Seeing this, our Lord
Buddha had to take the trouble of rising from his Samadhi (exalted state of con-
centration) . in order to exhort them with earnest preaching of various kinds to
suppress their desires and to refrain from seeking happiness from without, so that
they may become the equals of Buddha. For this reason, the Sutra says, 'To
open the eyes for the sight of Buddha-knowledge, etc.'
'J I also advise people to open their eyes constantly for the Buddha-know-
ledge within their mind. But in their perversity, they commit sins under delusion
and ignorance; they are kind in words, but wicked in mind; they are greedy,
malignant, jealous, crooked, flattering, egotistic, offensive to men, and destructive to
inanimate objects. Thus, they open their eyes for the Common-people-knowledge
(instead of Buddha-knowledge). Should they rectify their heart, so that wisdom
arises perpetually, the mind is under introspection, and evil doing is substituted by
the practice of good; then they would initiate themselves into the Buddha-knowledge.
' 'You should, therefore, from Ksana to Ksana (momentary sensations) open
your eye not for Common-people-knowledge t, but for Buddha-knowledge, which is
super-mundane, while the former is worldly. On the other hand, if you stick to
the arbitrary concept that mere recitation (i.e. without understanding the meaning
of the
by its
tails.)
of the
Sir?"
Sutra) as daily exercise is good enough, then you are infatuated like the yak
own tail." (Yaks are known to have a very high opinion of their own
Fat Tat then said, "If that is so, then we have only to know the meaning
Sutra, and there would be no necessity for us to recite it. Is that right,
39

****** Result for Image/Page 5 ******
There is nothing wrong in the Sutra," replied the Patriarch, so that you
should refrain from reciting it. Whether Sutra-reciting will enlighten you or not,
benefit you or not, all depends on you yourself. He who recites the Sutra with
the tongue and puts its teaching into actual practice with his mind 'turns round'
(i.e. masters) the Sutra. He who recites it without putting it into practice is
turned round' by the Sutra. Listen to my stanza:—
When our mind is under delusion, the Saddharma Pundarika Sutra turns
round' us.
With an enlightened mind, we 'turn round' the Sutra instead.
To recite the Sutra for a considerable time without knowing its principal
object
Indicates that you are a stranger to its meaning.
To recite the Sutra without holding any arbitrary belief is the correct way;
Otherwise, it is wrong.
He who is above Affirmative' and 'Negative',
Rides permanently in the White Bullock Cart (the Vehicle of Buddha l."
Having heard this stanza, Fat Tat was enlightened and moved to tears
unconsciously. 'J It is quite true," exclaimed he, that heretofore I was unable to
•turn round' the Sutra. It was rather the Sutra that 'turned' me round."
He then raised another point: "The Sutra says, 'From various Cravakas
up to Bodhisattvas, if they were to speculate with combined efforts, they would be
unable to comprehend the Buddha-knowledge'. But you, Sir, give me to under-
stand that if an ordinary man realises his own mind, he is said to have attained the
Buddha-knowledge. I am afraid, Sir, that with the exception of those gifted with
superior mental dispositions, others may doubt your remark. Further, three kinds
of Carts are mentioned in the Sutra, namely, Carts yoked with goats (i.e. the vehicle
of Cravakas), Carts yoked with deers (the vehicle of Pratyeka Buddha), and Carts
yoked with bullocks ( the vehicle of Bodhisattvas). How are these to be distingui-
shed from the White Bullock Carts? Will you please tell me."
The Patriarch replied, "The Sutra is quite plain on this point: it is you
yourself who misunderstand it. The reason why Cravakas, Pratyeka Buddhas,
and Bodhisattvas cannot comprehend the Buddha-knowledge is because they spe-
culate on it. They may combine their efforts to speculate; but the more they
speculate, the farther they are away from the •truth. (Note : Buddha-knowledge is
to be realised; it cannot be known by speculation). It was to the ordinary men,
not to other Buddhas, that Buddha Gautama preached this Sutra. As to those
who could not accept the doctrine he then expounded, he let them leave the
assembly. You do not seem to know that since we are already riding in the
White Bullock Cart (the vehicle of Buddhas), there is no necessity for us to go
out to look for the other three vehicles. Moreover, the Sutra tells you plainly
that there is only the Buddha Vehicle; and that there are no other vehicles, such
as the second or the third. It is for the sake of this sole vehicle that Buddha had
to preach to us with innumerable skilful means, such as various reasons and arg:u-
ments, various parables and illustrations, etc. Why can you not understand that the
40

****** Result for Image/Page 6 ******
other three vehicles are makeshifts, for the past only; while the sole vehicle, the
Buddha Vehicle, is the ultimate, meant for the present?
"The Sutra teaches you to dispense with the makeshifts and to resort to
the ultimate. Having resorted to the ultimate, you will find that even the very
name Ultimate' disappears. You should know that you are the sole owner of
these valuables and that they are entirely subject to your disposal. (Note: An
allusion made to the chapter entitled 'Parables' in the Sutra, exemplifying that
Buddha-knowledge is innate in every man.) When you are free from the arbitrary
conception that they are the father's, or they are the son's, or they are subject to
so and so's disposal; then you may be said to have known the right way to
recite the Sutra. In that case, from Kalpa to Kalpa, the Sutra will virtually be in
your hand always; and from morning till midnight, you are reciting the Sutra all
the time. "
Being thus awakened, Fat Tat praised the Patriarch, in a transport of
great joy, with the following stanza:—
The delusion that I have attained great merits by reciting the Sutra three
thousand times over
Is all dispelled by an utterance of the Master of Tso Kai (i.e. the
Patriarch
He who has not yet understood the object of a Buddha's incarnation in
this world
Is unable to suppress the wild passions accumulated in many lives.
The three vehicles yoked by goat, deer and bullock respectively, are
makeshifts only,
While the three stages, Preliminary, Intermediate, and Final, in which the
orthodox Dharma is expounded, are ingeniously spoken, indeed !
Who knows that within the very burning house (i.e. the burning pains of
mundane existence )
The King of Dharma is to be found therein !
The Patriarch then told him that thenceforth—but not before—he might
call himself a 'Sutra-reciting Bhikkhu'. After that interview, Fat Tat was able to
grasp the profound meaning of Buddhism; and yet he continued to recite the
Sutra as before.
Bhikkhu Chi Tong, a native of Shau Chow of An Fung, had read over
the Lankavatara Sutra nearly a thousand times; but could not understand the
meaning of Trikaya (three bodies of the Buddha) and the four Prajnas (Wisdom).
Thereupon, he called on the Patriarch for an interpretation.
"As to the three bodies, " explained the Patriarch, "the Pure Dharmakaya
(the body of truth or Law) is your nature; the Perfect Sambhogakaya (the body
of perfect endowment) is your wisdom; and the Myriad Nirmanakayas (bodies of
transformation) are your actions. If you deal with these three bodies apart from
41

****** Result for Image/Page 7 ******
the essence of mind, there would be 'bodies without wisdom'. If you realise that
these three bodies have no positive essence of their own, (Note: Because they
are only the properties of the essence of mind) then you attain the Bodhi
( enlightenment) of the four Prajnase Listen to my stanza:—
' 'The three bodies are inherent in our essence of mind,
By development of which, the four Prajnas are manifested.
Thus, without shutting your eyes and your ears to keep away from the
external world,
You may reach Buddhahood directly.
Now, I have made this plain to you;
And if you believe it firmly, you will forever be free from delusions.
Follow not those who seek 'Enlightenment' from without:
These people talk about Bodhi all the time, (but they can never find it)."
' 'May I know something about the four Prajnas asked Chi Tong a
second time. "If you understand the three bodies, ' replied the Patriarch, you
would know the four Prajnas as well; so your question is quite unnecessary.
If you deal with the four Prajnas apart from the three bodies, there would be
Prajnas without bodies. When such is the case, the so-called Prajnas would not
be Prajnas.
The Patriarch then uttered another stanza
The Mirror-like Wisdom is pure by nature.
The Equality Wisdom frees the mind from all impediments (literally, illness).
The All-Discerning Wisdom sees things intuitively without going through the
process of reasoning.
The All-Performing Wisdom has the same characteristics as the Mirror-like
Wisdom.
The first five vijnanas (the first five kinds of consciousness dependent
respectively upon the five sense organs) and the Alaya vijnana (Repository or
Receptacle consciousness) are •transmuted' to Prajna (Wisdom) in the Buddha
Stage (literally Fruit Stage, i.e. the fruit of Buddhahood); while the Klista-Mano
vijnana (soiled-mind consciousness or self-consciousness) and the Mano vijnana
( thinking consciousness), in the Bodhisattva Stage (literally Cause Stage, i.e. the
preparatory or the training period of a Bodhisattva for Buddhahood. There are
altogether ten stages for a Bodhisattva to go through.)
is in the First Stage 'Mudita' or Joyous Stage when a Bodhisattva realises the voidness
of self and Dharma (things) that he transmutes' the Klista-Mano Viinana to the All-Discerning
Wisdom. When Buddhahood is attained. the first five vijnanas will be ' transmuted' to the
All-Performing Wisdom; and the Alaya Vijnana to the Mirror-like Wisdom.
These so-called 'transmutations of vijnana,' are only changes of appellations
and not change of substance.
Note:—ln the essence of mind. there is no such thing as transmutation.' When a man is enlightened,
the term 'Prajna• is used; otherwise, the term ' viinana• is applied. In other words, the
word transmutation' is used in the figurative sense only.

****** Result for Image/Page 8 ******
When you are able to free yourself entirely from attachment to sense-
objects at the time these so-called 'transmutations' take place,
Then you will forever abide in the repeatedly-arising Naga Samadhi (an
exalted state of ecstacy as powerful as a dragon).
(Upon hearing this), Chi Tong realised suddenly the Prajna of his essence
of mind and submitted the following stanza to the Patriarch.—
Intrinsically, the three Bodies are within our essence of mind.
When our mind is enlightened, the four Prajnas will appear therein.
When Bodies and Prajnas absolutely identify with each other,
We may be able to respond (in accordance with their temperaments and
dispositions) to the appeals of all beings, no matter what forms they
may assume.
To make a start to seek for the Trikaya and the four Prajnas is to take
an entirely wrong course. (Because they are inherent in us, they are
to be realised and not to be sought.)
To try to 'grasp' or 'confine' them is to go against their intrinsic nature.
(Because they are inherent in the essence of mind which pervades
everywhere, it is impossible to 'grasp' or confine' them.)
Through you, Sir, I am now able to grasp the profundity of their meaning;
And henceforth, I may discard for ever their false and arbitrary nomen-
clatures. (Note: Having grasped the spirit of a doctrine, one may
dispense with the names used therein, since all names are makeshifts
only.)
Bhikkhu Chi Sheung, a native of Kwai Kai of Shun Chow, joined the order
in his childhood, and was very zealous in his efforts to realise the essence of
mind. Ope day, upon his coming to pay homage to the Patriarch, he was asked
by the latter whence he came and for what he came.
8' | have recently been to the White Cliff Mountain in Hung Chow," replied
he, ' 'to interview Upadgyaya (High Priest) Ta Tung who was good enough to teacb
me how to realise the essence of mind and thereby attain Buddhahood. But as I
still have some doubts, I travelled far to come here to pay you respect. Will you
kindly clear them up for me, Sir."
"What instruction did he give you ? " asked the Patriarch. "Will you
please reoeat it. "
After staying there for three months, I was not yet given any instruction.
Being zealous for the Dharma, I went alone to his chamber one night and asked
him what was my essence of mind. 'Do you see the illimitable void?' he asked.
'Yes, I do,' I replied. Then he asked me whether the void had any particular
form and upon being told that the void is formless and therefore cannot have any
particular form, he said, 'Your essence of mind is exactly like the void. To realise
that nothing can be seen is 'Right View'. To realise that nothing is knowable is
43

****** Result for Image/Page 9 ******
'True Knowledge'. To realise that it is neither green nor yellow, neither long nor
short; that it is pure by nature; that its quintessence is perfect and clear; is 'to
realise the essence of mind and thereby attain Buddhahood', which is also called
the Buddha-knowledge. As I do not quite. understand his teaching, will you please
enlighten me, Sir.
His teaching indicates, "
said the Patriarch, that he still retains the
arbitrary concept of 'Views' and 'Knowledge', and this explains why he fails to
make it clear to you. Listen to my stanza
"To realise that nothing can be seen but retain the concept of 'Invisibility'
Is somewhat like the surface of the sun obscured by passing clouds.
To realise that nothing is knowable but retain the concept of
' Unknowability '
May be likened to the spotless sky disfigured by lightning flash.
To let these arbitrary concepts rise spontaneously in your mind
Indicates that you have misidentified the essence of mind and that you
have not yet known the skilful means to realise it.
If you realise for one moment that these arbitrary concepts are wrong,
Then your own spiritual light will shine forth permanently."
Heaving heard this, Chi Sheung at once felt that his mind was enlighten ed
Thereupon, he submitted the following stanza to the Patriarch
To allow the concepts of 'Invisibility' and 'Unknowability' to rise
spontaneously in the mind
Is to seek Bodhi (Enlightenment) without freeing oneself from the arbitrary
concepts of phenomena. (Note: Bodhi is above phenomena and
beyond concept and speech. )
He who is puffed up by the slightest impression, 'l am now enlightened'
Is no better than what once he was when under delusion.
Had I not put myself at the feet of the Patriarch,
I would have been bewildered without knowing which is
the right way to go.
One day, Chi Sheung asked the Patriarch, Buddha preached the doctrine
of Three Vehicles' and also that of Supreme Vehicle'. As I do not understand
them, will you please explain. '
The Patriarch replied, "(In trying to understand these), you should introspect
your own mind and act independently of outward Dharmalaksana (things and
phenomena). The distinction of these four vehicles exists not in the Dharma
itself, but in the differentiation of the people's mind. To see, to hear, and to
recite the Sutra is the Small Vehicle. To know the Dharma and to understand its
meaning is the Middle Vehicle, To put the Dharma into actual practice is the
Great Vehicle. To understand thoroughly all Dharmas, to have them completely in
us, to be free from all attachments, to be above Dharmalaksana, and to be in
possession of nothing, is the Supreme Vehicle.
44

****** Result for Image/Page 10 ******
' 'Since the word 'Yana' (Vehicle) means 'motion' (i.e. action or figurative-
ly actual practice verbal argument omthis point is quite unnecessary. All depends
on self-practice and so you need not ask me any more. (I may also tell you
that) at all times, the essence of mind is in a state of 'Thusness%"
Chi Sheung made obeisance and thanked the Patriarch. Henceforth, he
acted as his attendant until the death of the Master.
Bhikkhu Chi Tao, a native of Nam Hoi of Kwong Tung, came to the
Patriarch for instruction, saying, Since I joined the order, I have read the Maha
Parinirvana Sutra for more than ten years; but I have not yet grasped its main
idea. Will you please teach me. "
Which part of it do you not understand ? "
asked the Patriarch.
"lt is this part, Sir, that I am doubtful: All things are impermanent and
so they belong to the Dharma of Becoming and Cessation (i.e. Samskrta Dharma).
When both Becoming and Cessation cease to operate, the bliss of Perfect Rest
and Cessation of Changes (i.e. the bliss of Nirvana) arises'.
"What makes you doubt asked the Patriarch.
J' All beings have two bodies—the physical body and the Law body (Dhar-
makaya replied Chi Tao. The former is impermanent: it exists and deceases.
The latter is permanent: it knows not and feels not. Now, the Sutra says, When
both Becoming and Cessation cease to operate, the bliss of Perfect Rest and
Cessation of Changes arises. '
I do not know which body ceases to exist and
which body enjoys the bliss. It cannot be the physical body that enjoys; because
when it deceases, the four Mahabhutas (ultimate material elements, i.e. earth, water
fire and air) will disintegrate, and disintegration is pure suffering, the very opposite
of bliss. If it is the Dharmakaya that ceases to exist, it would be in the same
state as the inanimate objects, such as the grass, the tree, the stone, etc.; and
who will then be the enjoyer ?
Moreover, is the quintessence of Becoming and Cessation'
whose functions are the five Skhandkas (aggregates; they are: Rupa, Vedana,
Samjna, Samskara, and Vijnana). That is to say, with one quintessence, there are
five functions. The process of Becoming and Cessation' is everlasting. When
function or operation Jarises' from the quintessence, it becomes; when the opera-
tioa or function is 'absorbed' back to the quintessence, it ceases to exist. If
reincarnation is admitted, there would be no 'Cessation of Changes', as in the
case cf sentient beings. If reincarnation is out of the question, then things will
remain forever ia a state of liveless quintessence, like the case of inanimate
objects. When this is the case, then under the limitation and restriction of
Nirvana, even living is impossible to all beings (literally Dharmas or things): what
enjoyment can there be ? "
"You are a son of Gina (i.e. the son of Buddha, or a Bhikkhu) said the
Patriarch, why do you adopt the fallacious views of Eternalism and Annihilationism
held by the heretics, and venture to criticise the teaching of the Supreme Vehicle ?
45

****** Result for Image/Page 11 ******
"Your argument implies that apart from the physical body, there is a Law
body; and that 'Perfect Rest' and 'Cessation of Changes' may be sought apart
from Becoming and Cessation'. Further, from the statement, 'Nirvana is ever-
lasting joy', you infer that there must be somebody to play the part of the enjoyer.
"Now, it is exactly these fallacious views that make people crave for
sensate existence and indulge in worldly pleasure. You should know that it is for
these people, the victims of ignorance, who identify the union of five skhandhas
as the 'self and regard all other things as 'not-self' (literally, outer sense objects);
who crave for individual existence and have an aversion to death; who are drift-
ing about, from one Ksana to another, in the whirlpool of iife and death without
realising the hollowness of mundane existence which is only a dream or an illusion ;
who commit themselves to unnecessary sufferings by binding themselves to the
wheel of re-birth; who mistake the state of everlasting joy of Nirvana to be a
mode of suffering; and who are always after sensual pleasure; that the com-
passionate Buddha preached the real bliss of Nirvana.
"Within a Ksana (moment), Nirvana has neither the phenomena of Be-
coming, nor that of Cessation, nor even the ceasing of operation of Becoming and
Cessation. Thus is the manifestation of 'Perfect Rest anA Cessation of Changes '
and at the time of manifestation, there is even no concept of manifestation; and
so it is called the 'Everlasting Joy' which has neither enjoyer nor non-enjoyer.
"There is no such thing as gone quintessence and five functions' (as you
allege); and you are slandering Buddha and blaspheming the Law, since you go
so far as to state that under that limitation and restriction of Nirvana, living is
impossible to all beings. Listen to my stanza
"The Supreme Maha Parinirvana
Is perfect, splendorous, permanent, calm, and illuminating.
Common people and ignorant ones miscall it death,
While heretics hold arbitrarily that it is annihilation.
Those who belong to the Cravaka Vehicle or the Pratyeka Buddha Vehicle
Regard it as 'Non-action
All these are mere intellectual speculations,
And they form the basis of the Sixty-two fallacious views.
Since they are mere fictitious names invented for the occasion,
They have nothing to do with the Absolute Truth.
Only those of super-eminent mind
Can understand thoroughly what Nirvana is and take up the attitude of
neither attachment nor indifference towards it.*
• While ordinary people are bewilderd by the whirlpool of birth and death, the Cravakas
and Pratyeka Buddhas' attitude towards it is one of detestation. Neither of them is in the right. A
treader of the Path does not cling to sensate existence nor does he shun it purposely. Because the
idea of a •self • and that of a •person' are foreign to him and because he takes up the attitude of
neither attachment nor aversion towards all things, freedom is within his reach all the time and he
is at ease under all circumstances. He may go tbrough the process of birth and death; but such a
process can never bind him, so to him the question of birth and death • is no question at all. He
who is able to do this may be called a man of super-eminent mind.
—DIH PING TSZE.
46

****** Result for Image/Page 12 ******
They know that the five Skhandhas
And the so called J ego' arising from the union of these Skhandhas,
Together with all external objects and forms,
And the various phenomena of sound and voice,
Are equally unreal, like a dream, or an illusion.
They make no discrimination between a sage and an ordinary man,
Nor do they have any arbitrary concept on Nirvana.
They are above 'Affirmation' and 'Negation'; and they break the barrier
of the past, the present, and the future.
They use their sense organs, when occasion requires ;
But the concept of 'Using' does not arise.
They may particularize on all sorts of thing,
But the concept of particularization ' arises not.
Even during the cataclysmic fire at the end of a Kalpa, when ocean'beds
are burnt dry;
Or during the blowing of the catastrophic wind when one mountain topples
on another;
The real and everlasting bliss of 'Perfect Rest' and 'Cessation of Changes'
Of Nirvana remains in the same state and changes not.
Now, I am trying to describe to you something which is ineffable,
So that you may get rid of your fallacious views.
If you do not interpret my words literally,
You may perhaps know a wee bit of the meaning of Nirvana.
Having heard this stanza, Chi Tao was highly enlightened. In a rapturous
mood, he made obeisance and departed.
Bhikkhu Hang Shi, a Dhyana Master, was born at An Sheng of Kat Chow
of a Liu family. Upon hearing that the preaching of the Patriarch had enlightened
a great number of people, he at once came to Tso Kai to tender him homage,
and ask him this question:
What should a learner direct his mind to, so that his attainment cannot
be rated by the (usual) 'Stage of Progress '?' '
' 'What work have you been doing?" asked the Patriarch.
Even the Noble Truths taught by various Buddhas I am not going to
have anything to do with," replied Hang Shi.
"What 'Stage of Progress' are you in?" asked the Patriarch.
What 'Stage of Progress' can there be, when I refuse to have anything
to do even with the Noble Truths taught by Buddhas ? " he retorted.
His repartee commanded the great respect of the Patriarch who made him
the leader of the assembly.
47

****** Result for Image/Page 13 ******
One day the Patriarch told him that he should propagate the Law in one
of the districts, so that the teaching might not come to an end. Thereupon, he
returned to Ching Un Mountain in his native district. The Dharma having been
transmitted to him, he spread it widely and thus perpetuated the teaching of his
Master. Upon his death, the posthumous title 'Dhyana Mastar Hung Tsai' was
conferred on him.
Bhikkhu Wei Yang, a Dhyana Master, was born of a Tao family in Kim
Chow. Upon his first visit to National Teacher (an honorary title conferred on
Buddhist monks) Wei On of Sung Shan Mountain, he was directed by the latter
to go to Tao Kai to interview the Patriarch.
Upon his arrival and after the usual salutation, he was asked by the
Patriarch whence he came.
*'From Sung Shan," replied he.
"What thing is it (that comes)? How did it come ? " asked the Patriarch
"To say that it is similar to a certain thing is wrong," he retorted
' 'Is it attainable by training? asked the Patriarch.
"lt is not impossible to attain it by training; but it is quite impossible to
pollute it," he replied.
Thereupon, the Patriarch exclaimed, It is exactly this unpolluted thing that all
Buddhas take good care of. It is so to you, and it is so to me as well. Patriarch
Prajnatara of India foretold that under your feet, a colt (Note: This refers to
Wei Yang's famous disciple, Ma (Horse) Tso, through whom the teaching of the
Dhyana School was spread all over China) would rush forth and trample on the
people of the whole world. I need not interpret this oracle too soon, as the
answer shall be found within your mind."
Being thereby enlightened, Wei Yang realised intuitively what the Patriarch
had said. Henceforth, he became his attendant for a period of fifteen years; and
day by day, his knowledge of Buddhism got deeper and deeper. Afterwards,
he made his home in Heng Shan where he spread widely the teaching of the
Patriarch. Upon his death, the posthumous title, ' Dhyana Master Tai Wai' was
conferred on him by imperial edict.
Dhyana Master Yuen Kwok of Wing Ka was born of a Tai family in
Wenchow. As a youth, he studied Sutras and Shastras and was well-versed in
the teaching of Samatha (inhibition or quietude) and Vipassana (contemplation or
discernment) of the Tendai School. Through the reading of Vimalakirti Nirdesa
Sutra, he realised intuitively the mystery of his own mind.
A disciple of the Patriarch by the name of Un Chak happened to pay
him a visit. During the course of a long discussion, Un Chak noticed that the
48

****** Result for Image/Page 14 ******
utterance of his friend agreed virtually with the saying of the various Patriarchs.
Thereupon he asked, J' May I know the name of your teacher who transmitted the
Dharma to you ? "
' • I had teachers to instruct me," replied Yuen Kwok, when I studied the
Sutras and the Shastras of the Vaipulya section. But afterwards it was through
the reading of the Virmalakirti Nirdesa Sutra that I realised the significance of {he
Buddhacitta (Buddha-heart) School (the Dhyana School); and in this respect, I
have not yet had any teacher to verify and confirm my knowledge."
Before the time of Bhismagarjitasvara Raja Buddha," (Note: This is the
first Buddha. Before his time, no Buddha exists.) Un Chak remarked, "it is
possible (to dispense with the service of a teacher); but after that time, he who
attains enlightenment without the aid and the confirmation of a teacher is a
natural heretic."
"Will you, Sir, kindly act as my testifier," asked Yuen Kwok.
' 'My words carry no weight," replied his friend. 'J In Tso Kai, there is
the Sixth Patriarch, to whom visitors in great numbers come from all directions
with the common object of having the Dharma transmitted to them. Should you
wish to go there, I shall be pleased to accompany you.'
Subsequently they arrived at Tso Kai and interviewed the Patriarch.
Having circumambulated the Patriarch thrice, Yuen Kwok stood still (i.e., without
making obeisance to the Master) with the Khakkharam (the Buddhist staff) in
his band.
(For his discourtesy), the Patriarch made the following remark: "As a
Srmana (Buddhist monk) is the embodiment of three thousand moral precepts and
eighty thousand minor disciplinary rules, I wonder where do you come from and
what makes you so conceited. "
' 'The question of incessant re-births is a momentous one,' replied he, and
as Death may come at any moment, (l have no time to waste on ceremony and
wish you can give me a quick answer to this problem)."
"Why do you not realise the principle of 'Birthlessness' and thus solve the
problem of the transiency of life 7' • the Patriarch retorted.
Thereupon Yuen Kwok remarked, J 'To realise the essence of mind is to be
free from re-births; and once this problem is solved, the question of transiency
exists no longer.
' 'That is so, that is so,' concurred the Patriarch.
At this stage, Yuen Kwok gave in and made obeisance in full ceremony.
After a short while he bid the Patriarch adieu.
You are going away too quick, are you not asked the Patriarch.
"How can there be 'quickness' when motion intrinsically exists not ? ' he
retorted.
"Who knows that motion exists not ?" asked the Patriarch.
49

****** Result for Image/Page 15 ******
' 'I hope you, Sir, will not particularize," he observed.
The Patriarch then commended him for his thorough grasp of the notion
of 'Birthlessness•; but he remarked, "ls there a 'notion' in 'Birthlessness' ? '
"Without a notion, who can particularize asked the Patriarch.
J' That which particularize is not a notion," replied Yuen Kwok.
J' Well said!" exclaimed the Patriarch. He then asked Yuen Kwok to delay
his departure and spend a night there. Henceforth Yuen Kwok was known to his
contemporaries as the 'enlightened one who had spent a night with the Patriarch',
Afterwards, he wrote the famous work, 'A Song on Spiritual Attainment'.
which circulates widely. His posthumous title is 'Grand Master Wu Sheng' (He
who is above form or phenomena), and he was also called by his contemporaries
'Dhyana Master Chun Kwok' (He who is really enlightened
Bhikkhu Chi Wang, a follower of the Dhyana School, after his consultation
with the Fifth Patriarch (as to the progress of his work J, considered himself as
having attained Samadhi (an exalted state of concentration). For twenty years, he
confined himself in a small temple and kept up the squatting posture all the time.
Un Chak, a disciple of the Sixth Patriarch, in his excursion to the northern
bank of Hoang Ho, heard about him (Chi Wang) and called at his temple.
What are you doing here asked Un Chak.
"l am abiding in Samadhi, " replied his friend.
Abiding in Samadhi. Did you say so o." observed Un Chak. "l wish to
know whether you are doing it consciously or unconciously (literally with or with-
out mind). If you do it unconsciously, it would mean that it is possible for all in-
animate objects such as earthenware, stones, trees, and weeds, to attain Samadhi.
On the other hand, if you do it consciously, then all animate objects or sentient
beings would be in Samadhi also. "
When I am in Samadhi," observed Chi Wang, "l know neither cons-
ciousness nor unconsciousness.
' 'If this is the case ' said Un Chak, then it is the perpetual quietude; in
which state, there is neither abiding nor leaving. That state which you can abide
in or leave off is not Grand Samadhi.
Chi Wang was dumbfounded. After a long while, he asked, May I know
who is your teacher?"
' 'My teacher is the Sixth Patriarch of Tso Kai," replied Un Chak.
' 'How does he define Dhyana and Samadhi Chi Wang asked.
According to his teaching, replied Un Chak, 'J the Dharmakaya (Body of
the Law) is perfect and calm: its quintessence and its function are in a state of
Thusness. The five Skhandhas (aggregates) are intrinsically void and the six sense-
objects are non-existent. There is neither abiding nor leaving in Samadhi. There
50

****** Result for Image/Page 16 ******
is neither quietude nor perturbation. The nature of Dhyana is non-abiding, so we
should get above the state of abiding in the calmness of Dhyana'. The nature of
Dhyana is uncreative, so we should get above the notion of creating a state of
Dhyana'. The state of the mind may be likened unto space, but (it is infinite) and
so it is without the limitation of the latter. "
Having heard this, Chi Wang went immediately to Tso Kai to interview
the Patriarch. Upon being asked whence he came, he told the Patriarch in details
the conversation he had with Un Chak.
"What Un Chak said is quite right," said the Patriarch. Let your mind
be in a state such as that of the illimitable void, but attach not to the idea of
vacuity'. Let it function freely. Whether you are in activity or under rest, abide
your mind nowhere. Forget the discrimination between a sage and an ordinary
man. Ignore the distinction of subject and object. Let the essence of mind and
all phenomenal objects be in a state of Thusness. Then you will be in Samadhi
all the time. "
Chi Wang was thereby fully enlightened. What he considered for the
past twenty years as an attainment of his now all vanished. On that night,
inhabitants of Ho Pei (the northern bank of the Yellow River) heard a voice in
the air to the effect that Dhyana Master Chi Wang had gained enlightenment on
that day.
Some time after, Chi Wang bid the Patriarch adieu and returned to Ho Pei
where he taught a great number of men and women, the clergy as well as the
laity.
A Bhikkhu once asked the Patriarch what sort of man could get the
keynote of the teaching of Wong Mui ( the Fifth Patriarch). "He who understands
the Buddhist Dharma can get it ' replied the Patriarch. Have you, Sir, got it
then ?" asked the Bhikkhu. 'J I do not know the Buddhist Dharma was his reply.
One day the Patriarch wished to wash the robe he inherited, but could
find no stream good for the purpose. Thereupon he walked to a place about five
miles from the rear of the monastery. There, he noticed plants and trees grew
profusely and the environment gave an air of good omen. He shook his staff
(Khakkharam. A tinkling noise is thereby made, as rings are attached to the top
part of it) and stuck it on the ground. Immediately water spurted out and before
long, a pool was formed.
While he was kneeling down on a rock to wash the robe, a Bhikkhu
suddenly appeared before him and tendered him homage.
"My name is Fong Pin", said he, "and I am a native of Szechuen. When
I was in South India, I met Patriarch Bodhidharma who instructed me to return
to China. 'The Garbha (matrix) of Orthodox Dharma Eye said he, 'together with
51

****** Result for Image/Page 17 ******
the robe which I inherited from Mahakasyapa has now been transmitted to the
Sixth Patriarch who is now in Tso Kai of Shiu Chow. Go ye there to have a
look at them and to pay respect to the Patriarch.' After a long voyage, I arrive
here now. May I have a look at the robe and the begging bowl you inherited. "
Having shown him the two relics, the Patriarch asked him what line of
work was he taking up. 'J I am pretty good in sculptural work", replied he. J' Let
me see your work then, " demanded the Patriarch in a serious mood.
Fong Pin was confounded at the time; but after a few days, he was able
to complete a life-like statue of the Patriarch, about seven inches high, a master-
piece of sculptural work.
(Upon seeing the statue), the Patriarch laughed and said to Fong Pin,
You do know something about the nature Of sculptural work; but you do not
seem to know the nature of Buddha. " He then stretched forth his hand to rub
the crown of Fong Pin (the Buddhist way of blessing) and declared, You shall
for ever be the 'field of merit' for human beings and celestial beings. "
In addition, the Patriarch rewarded his service with a robe which Fong Pin
divided into three parts,—one for dressing the statue, one for his own reservation,
and one for burying in the ground after covering it up with palm leaves. (When
the burial took place), he took a vow to the effect that by the time the robe was
exhumed, he would be reincarnated to be the abbot of the monastery and he
would also undertake to renovate the shrine and the building.
A Bhikkhu quoted the following Gatha (stanza) composed by Dhyana
Master Au Lun
Au Lun has ways and means
To insulate the mind from all thoughts.
When circumstances react not on the mind,
The Bodhi tree (symbol of wisdom) will grow steadily.
Hearing this, the Patriarch said, "This stanza indicates that the composer
of it has not yet fully realised the essence of mind. To put its teaching into
practice (will gain no liberation), but bind oneself more tightly Thereupon,
he
showed the Bhikkhu the following stanza of his:—
Wei Lang has no ways and means
To insulate the mind from all thoughts.
Circumstances often react on my mind;
But I wonder how can the Bodhi tree grow.
the last line. the Patriarch challenged the statement that "the Bodhi tree will grow", as
Bodhi neither increases nor decreases.)




****** Result for Image/Page 1 ******
CHAPTER vm.
THE SUDDEN SCHOOL AND THE GRADUAL SCHOOL.
Contemporaneous with the Patriarch, when he was living in Po Lam
Monastery, there was Grand Master Shin Shau who preached in Yuk Chuen
Monastery of King Nam. At that time, the two schools, known as Wei Lang of
the South and Shin Shau of the North, flourished side by side. As the two schools
were distinguished from each other by the names Sudden " (the South) and
Gradual " ( the North), the question which sect they should follow baffled some
Buddhist scholars (Of that time).
(Seeing this), the Patriarch addressed the assembly as follows :—
J' So far as the Dharma is concerned, there can be only one school.
(If a distinction exists), it exists in the fact that the founder of one school is a
northern man, while that of the other, a southerner. While there is only one
system of Law, some disciples realise it quicker, and some slower. The reason
why the names Sudden" and Gradual" are given is this: some disciples are
superior to others in mental dispositions. So far as the Dharma is concerned,
the distinction of Sudden " and Gradual" exists not. "
(In spite of what the Patriarch had said), the followers of Shin Shau used
to criticise the Patriarch. They discredited him by saying that as he was illiterate,
he could not distinguish himself in any respect.
Shin Shau, on the other hand, admitted himself that he was inferior to the
Patriarch, that the Patriarch attai ned wisdom without the aid of a teacher, and
that the Patriarch understood thoroughly the teaching of the Mahayana School.
" Moreover", added he, "my teacher, the Fifth Patriarch, would not personally
transmit to him the robe and the bowl unless with some good causes. I do regret
that, owing to the patronage of the state, which I by no means deserve, I am
unable to travel far to receive instructions from him personally. Your men should
go to Tso Kai to consult him. Tarry here not.
One day he said to his disciple, Chi Shing, "You are clever and witty.
On my behalf, you may go to Tso Kai to attend the lectures there. Try your
best to keep in mind what you learn there, so that upon your return, you may
repeat it to me. "
Acting on his teacher's instruction, Chi Shing arrived at Tso Kai. Without
telling whence he came, he joined the crowd there to call on the Patriarch.
Some one has hidden himself here to plagiarize my lecture," addressed
the Patriarch to the assembly. Thereupon, Chi Shing came out, made obeisance,
and told the Patriarch what his mission was.
"You come from Yuk Chuen Monastery. Did you 7" asked the Patriarch.
And you must be a spy.'
"No, I am not," replied Chi Shing.
53

****** Result for Image/Page 2 ******
"Why not 7" asked the Patriarch.
J' If I had not told you, " said Chi Shing, "I would be a spy. Since I have
told you all about it, I am not. "
"How does your teacher instruct his disciples ?" asked the Patriarch.
"He often tells us to concentrate our mind to contemplate on purity, to
keep up the squatting posture all the time and not to lie down, " replied Chi Shing
"To concentrate the mind to contemplate on purity, " said the Patriarch,
is an infirmity and not Dhyana. To restrict oneself to the squatting posture all
the time is logically unprofitable. Listen to my stanza
' 'A living man sits and does not lie down (all the time),
While a dead men lies down and sits not.
To this physical body of ours
Why should we impose the task of squatting?"
Making obeisance a second time, Chi Shing remarked, "Though I have
studied Buddhism for nine years under Grand Master Shin Shau, my mind has
not yet been awakened for enlightenment. But as soon as you speak to me, my
mind is enlightened. As the question of incessant re-births is a momentous one,
will you please take pity on me and give me further instructions. "
"l understand," said the Patriarch, "that your teacher gives his disciples
instructions on Sila (disciplinary rules), Dhyana (meditation), and Prajna (Wisdom).
Will you please tell me how he defines these terms. "
According to his teaching," replied Chi Shing, 'J to refrain from all evil
actions is Sila, to practise whatever is good is Prajna, and fo purify one's own
mind is Dhyana. This is the way he teaches us. May I know your system."
i' If I tell you," said the Patriarch, that I have a system of Law to trans-
mit to others, I am cheating you. What I would do to my disciples is to liberate
them from their own bondage with such device as the case may need. To use an
appellation which is nothing but a makeshift, this may be called Samadhi. The
way your master teaches Sila, Dhyana, and Prajna is wonderful; but my exposition
is different."
J j How can it be different, Sir," asked Chi Shing, ' 'when there is only one
form of Sila, Dhyana, and Prajna ? "
"The teaching of your master," replied the Patriarch, "is for the guidance
of the followers of the Mahayana School, while mine is for those of the Supreme
School. Because some one realises the Dharma quicker and deeper than the others,
this accounts for the difference in the interpretation. You may listen, and see if
my instruction is the same as his. In expounding the Law, I devi9te not from the
authority of the essence of mind (i.e., I speak what I realise intuitively). To do it
otherwise would indicate that the expositor's essence of mind is under obscuration
and that he can touch the phenomenal side of the Law only, (but not its essence).
The true teaching of Sila, Dhyana, and Prajna should be based on the principle
54

****** Result for Image/Page 3 ******
that the function of all things derives its impetus from the essence of mind. Listen
to my stanza
"To free the mind from all improprieties is the Sila of the essence of mind.
To free the mind from all perturbations is the Dhyana of the essence of mind.
That which neither increases nor decreases is the Vagra (Diamond, used
metaphorically for the essence of mind)
Coming' and 'going' are different phases of Samadhi."
means that it is not necessary to attain Samadhi by sitting quietly: one may be in
Samadhi while walking to and fro.)
Having heard this, Chi Shing felt sorry (for having asked an impertinent
question) and thanked the Patriarch for his instruction.
He then submitted the following stanza:—
The Self' i' nothing but a phantasm created by the union of five Skhandhas.
And phantasm can have nothing to do with the absolute reality.
To hold that there is Tathata (Suchness or Absolute) for us to aim at or
to return thereto
Also falls within the category of 'Impure Law
Law is above concept and speech.)
Approving what he said in his stanza, the Patriarch said to him again.
"The teaching of your master on Sila, Dhyana, and Prajna deals with wise men
of the inferior type, while mine with those of the superior type. He who realises
the essence of mind may dispense with such doctrines as Bodhi, Nirvana, and
'Knowledge of Emancipation'. Only those who inherit or possess not a single sys-
tem of Law can formulate all systems of Law, and those who can understand the
meaning (of this paradox) may have such terms as Buddhakaya, Bodhi, Nirvana,
or Knowledge of Emancipation' applied to them. To those who have realised the
essence of mind, it makes no difference whether they formulate all systems of
Law or dispense with all of them. They are at liberty to come or to go (i.e. they
may remain •in or leave this world at their free will). They are free from
obstacles or impediments. They take appropriate actions, when circumstances
require. They give suitable answers according to the temperament of the requirer.
They see with comprehensive glance that all Bodies of Transformation (Nirmanakaya)
are not separate from the essence of mind. They attain liberation, psychic powers
(Siddhi), and Samadhi which enable them to perform the arduous task of universal
salvation as willingly as if they were only playing. Such are the men who have
realised the essence of mind! "
By what principle are we guided in
was Chi Shing's next question.
When our essence of mind is free
perturbations, replied the Patriarch, when
to Ksana (momentary sensation) with Prajna,
and phenomenal objects (Dharmalaksana); we
55
dispensing with all systems of law? "
from improprieties, infatuations, and
we introspect our mind from Ksana
and when we do not cling to things
are free and liberated. Why should

****** Result for Image/Page 4 ******
we formulate any system of Law, when our goal can be reached no matter
whether we turn to the right or to the left? Since it is with our own efforts that
we realise the essence of mind, and since the realisation and the practice of the
Law are both done instantaneously, and not gradually or stage by stage, the
formulation of any system of Law is therefore unnecessary. As all Dharmas are
intrinsicallv Nirvanic, how can there be gradation in them ? "
Chi Shing made obeisance and volunteered himself to be the attendant of
the Patriarch. In that capacity, he worked hard both day and night.
Bhikkhu Chi Chai, whose secular name was Chang Hang Chong, was a
native of Kiangsi. As a young man, he was fond of chivalric exploits.
Since the two Dhyana Schools, Wei Lang of the South and Shin Shau of
the North, flourished side by side, a strong sectarian feeling ran high on the part
of the disciples, in spite of the tolerant spirit shown by the two masters who
hardly knew what egotism was. Calling their own teacher, Shin Shau, the Sixth
Patriarch on no better authority than their own, the followers of the Northern
School naturally were jealous of the rightful owner of that title whose claim
supported by the robe inherited was too well known to be ignored. (In order to
get rid of the rival teacher), they sent Chang Hang Chong (who was then a lay-
man) to murder the Patriarch.
With his psychic power of mind-reading, the Patriarch was able to know
the plot beforehand. (Making ready for the coming of the murderer), he put ten
taels by the side of his own seat. Chang came one evening, entered the Patriarch's
room, and was going to execute the murderous act. With outstretched neck, the
Patriarch was quite ready for the fatal blow. Thrice did Chang cut; (but strange
to say), not a single wound was thereby inflicted! The Patriarch then addressed
him as fo lows:—
J JAn upright sword is not crooked,
While a crooked one is not upright.
I owe you money only;
But life I owe you not."
The surprise was too great for Chang: he fell into a swoon and did not
revive until a considerable time. Remorseful and penitent, he asked fcr mercy
and volunteered to join the order at once. Handing him the money, the Patriarch
said, ' 'You had better not remain here, lest my followers should do you harm in
return. Come to see me under disguise some other time, and I shall take good
care of you then."
As dire -'ted, Chang ran away in the same night. Subsequently, he joined
the order under a certain Bhikkhu. Upon being fully ordained, he proved himself
to be a very dihgent monk.
56

****** Result for Image/Page 5 ******
One day, recollecting what the Patriarch had said, he took the long journey
to see him and to tender him homage. Why do you come so late ? " asked the
Patriarch. "l have been thinking of you all the time."
Since that day you so graciously pardoned my crime," said Chang, J 'l
have become a Bhikkhu and studied Buddhism diligently. Yet, I find it difficult
to requit you adequately, untess I can show my gratitude by spreading the Law
for the deliverance of sentient beings. In studying the Maha Parinirvana Sutra
which I read very often, I understand the meaning of 'Eternal' and 'Not
Eternal'. Will you, Sir, kindly give me a short explanation."
J 'What is not eternal is the Buddha-nature," replied the Patriarch, and
what is eternal is the discriminating mind together with all meritorious and de-
meritorious Dharmas.'
"Your explanation, Sir, contradicts the Sutra," said Chang.
' 'l dare not, I inherit the 'Heart-Seal' of Lord Buddha replied the
Patriarch.
" According to the Sutra," said Chang, "the Buddha-nature is eternal,
while all meritorious and demeritorious Dharmas, including the Bodhi-citta (the
heart or thought of enlightenment) are not eternal. As you hold otherwise, is this
not a contradiction ? Your explanation has now intensified my doubts and per-
plexities."
'J On one occasion," replied the Patriarch, "l had Bhikkhuni Wu Chun
Chong to reci:e to me the whole book of Maha Parinirvana Sutra, so that I could
explain it to her. Every word and every meaning I explained on that occasion
agreed with the text. As to the explanation I give you now, it likewise differs
not from the text."
*'As my capacity for understanding is a poor one," observed Chang, "will
you kindly explain to me more fully and more clearly."
"Don't you know ? " said the Patriarch. "If Buddha-nature is eternal, it
would be of no use to talk about meritorious and demeritorious Dharmas; and
until the end of a Kalpa, no one would arouse the Bodhi-citta (the wisdom heart
ör the thought of enlightenment). Therefore, when I say Not Eternal' it is exactly
what Lord Buddha meant for 'Truly Eternal'. Again, if a'l Dharmas are not
eternal, then every thing or object would have a nature of its own (i.e., positive
essence) to suffer death and birth. In that case, it would mean that the essence
of mind which is truly eternal (and knows neither birth nor death) does not
pervade everywhere. Therefore when I say Eternal' it is exactly what Lord
Buddha meant for 'Truly Not-Eternal
"Because ordinary men and heretics believe in 'Heretical Eternalism' (the
opposite of True Eternalism, i.e., they believe in the eternity of soul and of the
world), and because Cravakas (aspirants to arhatship) mistake the eternity of
Nirvana as something not eternal, eight upside-down notions arise. (i.e. Ordinary
57

****** Result for Image/Page 6 ******
men and heretics mistake the non-eternity, non-happiness, non-egoism, and non-
purity of mundane existence as eternity, happiness, egoism, and purity; while
Cravakas mistake the Eternity, Happiness, Egoism, and Purity of Nirvana as Non-
eternity, Non-happiness, Non-egoism and Non-purity.) In order to refute these one-
sided views, Lord Buddha preached exoterically in the Maha Parinirvana Sutra—
which expounds the 'Ultimate Doctrine' of Buddhist teaching—true eternity, true
happiness, true self, and true purity.
"In following slavishly the wording of the Sutra, you have ignored the
spirit of the text. In assuming that what annihilates is non-eternal and that what
is fixed and immutable is eternal, you have misinterpreted Lord Buddha's dying
instruction (Buddha preached the Maha Parinirvana Sutra before he entered into
Parinirvana) which is perfect, profound, and abstruse. You may read the Sutra
one thousand times, but you will get no benefit out of it."
All of a sudden, Chang awoke to full enlightenment and submitted the
following stanza to the Patriarch
In order to refute the bigoted belief of 'Non-eternity',
Lord Buddha preached the 'Eternal Nature
He who does not know that such preaching is only a skilful device
(Upayakausalya)
May be likened to the child who p:cks up pebbles and calls them
gems.
Without painstaking on my part,
The Buddha-nature manifests itself.
This is due neither to the instruction of my teacher
Nor to the attainment of my own.
You have now thoroughly realised (the essence of mind commended
the Patriarch, "and hereafter you should name yourself Chi Chai (to realise
thoroughly Chi Chai thanked the Patriarch, made obeisance, and departed.
object is to get rid of bigoted belief Of any form. He would preach Non-eternity
to believers of Eternalism; and preach 'Neither Eternity Non-eternity• to those Who
believe in both.
A thirteen year old boy named Shin Wui, who was born of a Ko family
of Sheng Yang, came from Yuk Chuen Monastery to tender homage to the
Patriarch.
"My learned friend," said the Patriarch, ' 'it must be pretty hard on you
to undertake such a long journey. But can you tell me what is the fundamental
principle ' •
If you can, you would know the owner (i.e., the essence of mind).
Try to say something, please."
58

****** Result for Image/Page 7 ******
Non-attachment is the fundamental principle,* and to know the owner is
to realise (the essence of mind replied Shin Wui.
"That Samanera (a young mozk or a novice) is fit for nothing but to talk
loosely," reproved the Patriarch.
Thereupon Shin Wui asked the Patriarch, ' 'ln your meditation, Sir, do you
see (your essence of mind) or not? "
Striking him three blows with his staff, the Patriarch asked him whether
he felt painful or not. "Painful and not painful," replied Shin Wui. ' 'l see and
I see not," retorted the Patriarch.
* Manjursi asked Virmalakirti. "What is the source of our body."
Craving and desire," answered Virmalakirti.
What is the source of craving and desire ? "
" Delusion and particularization."
" What is the source of delusion and particularization ? "
Topsy-turvy views."
" What is the source of topsy-turvy views ? "
Non-attachment."
What is the source of non-attachment ?
" Non-attachment has no source, Manjursi. With non-attachment as basis, all Dharmas
are established."
—VIRMALAKIRr1 NIRDESA SUTRA.
Commentary on the above by Dharma Master Shiu
"If we take the action of the mind • as the source, then •phenomena' would exist. But
the • Ultimate of the Norm • or the 'Primordial Action' has no source. If we take •non-Dharma '
as the source. then ' inexistence would be the cause of • inexistence.' But as ' inexistence' needs
not another • inexistence' to be its cause. it would also be sourceless.••
Further, he said From Non-Attachment, topsy-turvy views arises. From topsy-turvy
views. particularization arises. F tom particularization, craving and desire arise. From craving and
desire, our physical body exists. The existen e of our physical body will be ensued by good and
evil elements from all Dharmas arise. Thenceforth. things become so multifarious that
neither speech nor enumeration can exhaust them."
According to Dharma Master Shiu, the primordial mind-impulse or the fundamental non-
enlightenment is the source Of Non-attachment. In the " Transmission of the Lamp," National
Teacher Ching Leung." in reply to the question put to him by the Crown Prince on the essential
teaching of the mind, said, "The source of the ultimate teaching is the Transcendental Mind and
the sourc-e of the Transcendental Mind is Non-attachment. The inherent quality of Non-attachment
is omniscient and free from obscuration."
The quotation, " One should use one's mind in such a way that it will be free from any
attachment," from the Diamond Sutra expresses the same idea too.
In his book, "An Explicit Treatise on Dhyana Teaching', Dhyana Master HO Chak said.
" After the Parinirvana of the Exalted One, the twenty-eight Patriarchs Of India all transmitted the
• Mind Of Non-attachment' to their successors. What is referred to as 'Non—attachment• is the real
state of all things (i.e., things as they really are, things stripped of their draperies and trappings).
In such a state, truth and falsehood merge into one. Call it • Unity," it is Of many kinds. Call it
• Duplicity, • it is non-dualistic.••
From the above. it will be seen that this sentence "Non-attachment is the fundamental
principle" is the keynote of the Dhyana teaching.
—DIH PING TSZE.
59

****** Result for Image/Page 8 ******
How is it that you see and you see not?" asked Shin Wui.
'J What I see and often see is my own fault," replied the Patriarch. "What
I do not see is the good, the evil, the merit and the demerit of others. That is
why I see and I see not. Now, please tell me what do you mean by 'painful
and not painful'. If you feel no pains, you would be as insensible as a piece of
wood or stone. On the other hand, if you feel painful and anger or hatred is
•thereby aroused, you would be in the same position as an ordinary man.
"J Seeing' and 'not Seeing', as you referred to are pairs of opposites; while
painful ' and 'not painful' belong to that category of Dharma which becomes and
ceases ( i.e. Samskrta Dharma, conditioned or caused elements). Without having
realised your own essence of mind, you dare to hoodwink others. "
Shin Wui apologised, made obeisance, and thanked the Patriarch for his
instruction.
Addressing him again, the Patriarch said, ' 'lf you are under delusion and
cannot realise your essence of mind, you should seek the advice of a pious and
learned friend. When your mind is enlightened, you will know the essence of mind;
and then you may tread the Path according to the right way. Now you are under
delusion and do not know your essence of mind. (Instead of seeking advice )
you dare to ask whether I know my essence of mind or not. If I do, I would
realise it myself. But the fact that I know cannot help you from being under
delusion. Similarly, if you know your essence of mind, your knowing would be of
no use to me. Instead of asking others, why not see it for yourself and know it
for yourself?"
Making obeisance more than hundred times, Shin W ui again expressed
regret and asked the Patriarch to forgive him. (Henceforth), he worked diligently
as the Patriarch's attendant and posted himself always either on the right or on
the left of his Master.
Addressing the assembly one day, the Patriarch said, "l have an article
which has no head, no name, no appellation, no front, and no back. Do your
men know it?"
Stepping out from the crowd, Shin Wui replied,
' 'It is the source of all
Buddhas, and the Buddha-nature af Shin Wui. "
"I have told you already that it is without name and appellation, and yet
reproved the Patriarch.
you call it 'Source of Buddhas' and 'Buddha-nature "
Even you confine yourself in a matshed for further study (as is the wont of the
Bhikkhus), you will be a Dhyana scholar of second hand knowledge only (i.e.
Knowledge from books and verbal authority instead of Knowledge obtained
intuitively ).
After the death of the Patriarch, Shin Wui left for Loyang where he spread
widely the teaching of the Sudden School. The popular work entitled 'An Ex-
plicit Treatise on Dhyana Teaching' was written by him. He is generally known
by the name Dhyana Master Ho Chak (the name of his monastery)
60

****** Result for Image/Page 9 ******
Seeing that many questions had been put to him in bad faith by followers
of various schools and that a great number of such interrogators had gathered
around him, he addressed them, out of compassion, as follows
' 'A treader of the Path should do away with all thoughts—good ones as
well as evil ones. It is merely as an expedient that the essence of mind is so
called; but it really cannot be named by any name. This 'Non-dual nature' is
called the •true nature upon which all systems of teaching are based. One
should realise the essence of mind as soon as one is spoken to about it. "
Upon hearing this, every one of them made obeisance and asked the
Patriarch to allow them to be his disciples.
61



****** Result for Image/Page 1 ******
CHAPTER IX.
ROYAL PATRONAGE.
An edict dated 15th day of the 1st. Moon of the 1st. year of Shin Lung
issued by Empress Dowager Chek Tin and Emperor Chung Chung ran as follows
Since we had invited Grand Masters Wei On and Shin Shau to stay in
the palace to receive our offerings, we used to study the 'Buddha Vehicle' under
them whenever we could find time after we had attended to our imperial duties.
Out of sheer modesty, these two masters recommended that we should seek the
advice of Dhyana Master Wei Lang of the South, who had esoterically inherited the
Dharma and the robe of the Fifth Patriarch as well as the 'Heart Seal' of Lord
Buddha.
"We hereby send Eunuch Sit Kan as the courier of this Edict to invite His
Holiness to come, and trust His Holiness will graciously favour us with an early visit
to the capital, etc. "
On the ground of illness, the Patriarch sent a reply to decline the royal
invitation and asked permission to be allowed to spend his remaining years in the
forest.
Dhyana experts in the capital, "
said . Sit Kant " unanimously advise
people to meditate in the squatting posture to attain Samadhi. They say that this
is the only way to realise the Norm and that it is impossible for any one to
obtain liberation without going through meditation exercise. May I know your way
of teaching, Sir? "
"The Norm is to be realised by the mind, t' replied the Patriarch. Olt
depends not on the squatting posture, The Vagrakkhedika Sutra says that it is
wrong 'for any one to assert that Tathagata comes or goes, sits or reclines.' Why?
Because Tathagata's 'Dhyana of Purity' implies neither coming from anywhere nor
going to anywhere, neither becoming nor annihilation. All Dharmas are calm and
void, and such is Tathagata 's Seat of Purity'. Stricity speaking, there is even
no such thing as 'attainment': why should we bother ourselves about squatting
posture ? "
Upon my return, said Sit Kant Their Majesties will certainly ask me
to make a report. Will you, Sir, kindly give me some essential hints on your
teaching, so that I can make them known not only to Their Majesties, but also to
all Buddhist scholars in the capital. As the flame af one lamp may kindle hundreds
or thousands of others, the ignorant will be enlightened (by your teaching), and
light will produce light without end. "
'i The Norm implies neither light nor darkness, "
replied the Patriarch.
"Light and darkness signify the idea of alternation. (It is not correct to say) that
light will produce light without end; because there is an end as well, since light
and darkness are pair of opposites. The Vimalakirti Nirdesa Sutra says, 'The
Norm has no analogy, since it is not a relative term .
62

****** Result for Image/Page 2 ******
"Light signifies wisdom, " explained Sit Kan, 'Sand darkness signifies Klesa
(mental intoxicants or defilement).
If a treader of the Path does not break up
Klésa with the force of wisdom, how is he going to free himself from the 'wheel
of birth and death' which is beginningless ? "
Klésa is Bodhi ( enlightenment)," rejoined the Patriarch. The two are the
same and not different trom each other. To break up Klésa with wisdom is the
teaching of the Cravaka (aspirant to Arhatship) School and the Pratyeka Buddha
School, the followers of which are of the 'Goat Vehicle' and 'Deer Vehicle' stand-
ard respectively. To those of sharp intellects and superior mental dispositions,
such teaching would entirely be of no use. "
"What is the teaching of the Mahayana School then ? " asked Sit Kan.
"From the point of view of ordinary men, " replied the Patriarch, "enlight-
enment and ignorance are two separate things. Wise men who realise thoroughly
the essence of mind knoy that they are of the same nature. This same nature or
non-dual nature is what is called the 'real nature'; which neither decreases in the
case of orlinary man and ignorant person, nor increases in the case of the enlight-
ened sage; which perturbs not in a state of annoyance, nor calms in a state of
ecstacy (Samadhi). It is neither eternal nor non-eternal; it neither goes nor comes;
it is to be found not in the exterior, not in the interior, nor in the space inter-
vening between the two. It is above existence and non-existence, its nature and
its phenomena are always in a state of 'Thusness', it is permanent and immutable.
Such is the Norm. "
Sit Kan then asked, ' 'You say that it is above existence and non-existence.
How do you differentiate it from the teaching of the heretics who teach the same
thing ?"
' 'In the teaching of the heretics, '
replied the Patriarch, " non-existence
means the end of 'existence', while 'existence' is used to contrast with 'non-
existence'. What they mean by non-existence' actually annihilates not and what
they call existence' really exists not. What I mean by above existence and
non-existence' is this: intrinsically it exists not, and at the present moment it
annihilates not, Such is the difference between my teaching and the heretics
"If you wish to know the essential points of my teaching, you should free
yourself from all thoughts—good ones as well as bad ones; and then your mind
will be in a state of purity, calm and serene all the time, the usefulness of which
is as manifold as the grains of sand in the Ganges."
The preaching of the Patriarch awoke Sit Kan on a sudden to full
en!ightenment. He made obeisance and bid the Patriarch adieu. Upon bis return
to the palace, he reported what the Patriarch had said to Their Majesties.
In that same year on the 3rd day of the 9th Moon, an edict was issued
commending the Patriarch in the following tenns:—
" On the ground of old age and poor health, the Patriarch declined our
invitation to come to the capital. Devoting his life to the practice of Buddhism
63

****** Result for Image/Page 3 ******
for the benefit of us, he is, indeed, the 'field of merit' of the nation. Following
the example of Vimalakirti (a famous Buddhist preacher) who recuperated in
Vaisali, he spreads widely the Mahayana teaching, transmits the doctrine of the
Dhyana School, and expounds the system of 'Non-dual Law
"Through the medium of Sit Kan to whom the Patriarch had imparted the
Buddha-knowledge', we are fortunate enough to have a chance to understand
spontaneously the teaching of Higher Buddhism. This must be due to our ac-
cumulated merits and our •root of goodness' planted in past lives; otherwise, we
cannot be the contemporaries of His Holiness.
'J In appreciation of the graciousness of the Patriarch, we find ourselves
hardly able to express our gratitude. (As a token of our great regard for him),
we present him herewith a Mo La robe (valuable Buddhist robe made in Korea)
and a crystal bowl. The Prefect of Shiu Chow is hereby ordered to renovate his
monastery and to convert his old residence into a temple which is to be named
Kwok Yen" (State Munificence) by royal favour, etc. "
64

****** Result for Image/Page 4 ******
CHAPTER X.
HIS FINAL INSTRUCTIONS.
One day the Patriarch sent for his disciples, Fat Hoi, Chi Shing, Fat Tat,
Shin Wui, Chi Sheung, Chi Tung, Chi Chai, Chi Tao, Fat Chun, Fat U, etc. and
addressed them as follows
"Your men are different from the common lot. After my entering into the
Parinirvana, each of you will be the Dhyana Master of a certain district. Now I
am going to giV2 you some hints 09 preaching, so that when doing so, you can
keep up the tradition of our school.
Let the three categories of Dharmas be first mentioned and then the
thirty six ' pairs of opposites' in the activities ( of the essence of mind). Then the
two extremes may be avoided whether we are coming in' or going out'. In all
preachings, stray not from the essence of mind. Whenever a man puts a question
to you, answer him always in antonyms, so that a 'pair of opposites' will be
formed. (For example), ' coming' and ' going' are the reciprocal cause of each
other: when the interdependence of the two is entirely done away with, there
would be, in the abosolute sense, neither 'coming' nor 'going .
"The three categories of Dharmas are :—
Skhandhas (aggregates
Ayatanas (place or sphere of meeting),
Dhatus
(factors of consciousness
The five Skhandhas :
Rupa (matter), Vedana (sensation), Samjna (perception), Samskara
(tendencies of mind), and Vijnana (consciousness).
The twelve Ayatanas :
Six Sense Objects (external).
Object of
sight
hearing
smell
taste
touch
„ thought
The eighteen Dhatus :
Six Sense Organs (internal).
Organ of sight
hearing
„ smell
„ taste
touch
thought
Six sense objects, six sense organs, and six recipient Vijnanas (con-
sciousness).
J' Since the essence of mind is the embodiment of all Dharmas, it is called
the Repository Consciousness (Alaya). But as soon as the process of thinking or
reasoning is started, the essence of mind is transmuted into vijnanas. When the
six recipient vijnanas come into being, they perceive the six sense objects through
the six doors ' (sense organs). Thus, the functioning of the eighteen Dhatus derive
65

****** Result for Image/Page 5 ******
their impetus from the essence of mind. Whether they function with an evil
tendency or a good one depends upon what mood—good or evil—the essence of
mind is in. Evil functioning is that of a common man, while good functioning is
that of a Buddha. Because there are pairs of opposites' inherent in the essence
of mind, the functioning of the eighteen Dhatus derive their impetus therefrom.
"The thirty six 'pairs of opposites' are:—
Five external inanimate ones: Heaven and earth, sun and moon, light and dark-
ness, positive element and negative element, fire and water.
Twelve Dharmalaksana terms : Speech and Dharma, affirmation and negation,
matter and non-matter, form and without form, Taints (asravas) and
absence of taint, matter and void, motion and quiescence, purity and
foulness, ordinary people and sages, the Sangha and the laity, the aged
and the young, the big and the small.
Nineteen pairs denoting the functioning of the essence of mind: Long and short,
good and evil, infatuated and enlightened, ignorant and wise, perturbed
and calm, merciful and wicked, Abstinent (Sila) and inabstinent, straight
and crooked, full and empty, steep and level, Klesa (mental intoxicants)
and Bodhi (enlightenment), permanent and transient, compassionate and
cruel, happy and angry, generous and mean, forward and backward,
existent and non-existent, Dharmakaya (Body of the Law) and physical
body, Sambhogakaya (Body of perfect endowment) and Nirmanakaya
(Body of incarnation).
"He who knows how to use these thirty six pairs realises that all-
pervading principle which goes through the teaching of all Sutras. Whether he is
coming in' or 'going out,' he is able to avoid the two extremes.
"In the functioning of the essence of mind and in conversation with others,
outwardly, we should free ourselves from attachment to objects, when come
contact with objects; and inwardly, towards the teaching of 'Void', we should free
ourselves from tha idea of Nihilism. To believe implicitly in the reality of objects
or in Nihilism would result in deep-rooted fallacious views or intensified ignorance
respectively.
' 'A bigoted believer of Nihilism would blaspheme the Sutras on the ground
that literature (i.e., Buddhist Scripture) is unnecessary (in the study of Buddhism).
If that is so, then it would neither be right for us to speak, since speech forms
the substance of literature. He would also argue that in the direct method
(literally the straight Path) literature is discarded. But does he know that the
very two words 'is discarded' are also literature? Upon hearing others speak of
Sutras, such a type of man would criticise the speakers as 'addicted to scriptural
authority'. It is bad enough for him to confine this mistaken notion of himself;
but in addition, he blasphemes the Buddhist scripture. Your men should know
that it is a serious offence to speak ill of the Sutras, for the consequence is a
very grave one indeed!
66

****** Result for Image/Page 6 ******
'iHe who believes in the reality of outward objects tries to seek the form
(from without) by practising a certain system of doctrine. He may also furnish
spacious lecture-halls for the discussion of Realism or Nihilism therein. Such a
type of man for numerous Kalpas will never realise the essence of mind.
"We should tread the Path according to the teaching of the Law, and
should not keep our mind in a state of indolence and thus put an obstacle to the
understanding of the nature of the Norm. To preach or to hear the Law without
practising it would give occasion to the arising of heretical views. Hence, we
should tread the Path according to the teaching of the Law, and in the almsgiving
(i.e. dissemination) of the Dharma, we should not be influenced by the arbitrary
concept of the reality of objects.
"If you do understand what I say and make use of it in preaching, in
actual practice, and in your daily life, you will not miss the distinguishing feature
of our school.
J' Whenever a question is put to you, answer it in the negative, if it is an
affirmative one; and vice versa. If you are asked about an ordinary man, tell
him something about a sage; and vice versa. From the correlation or inter-
dependence of the two opposites, the doctrine of the Mean' may be grasped.
If all other questions are answered in this manner, you will not be away from
the truth.
(Let me explain more fully). Suppose some one asks you what is
darkness. Answer him thus: Light is the Hetu (root condition) and darkness is
the Pratyaya ( conditions which bring about any given phenomenon). When light
disappears, darkness is the consequence. The two are in contrast to each other.
From the correlation or interdependence of the two, the doctrine of the 'Mean
arises.
' 'In this way, all other questions are to be answered. To ensure the
perpetuation of the aim and object of our school in future in the transmission of
the Dharma to your successors, this instruction should be handed down, as what
I have done now, from one generation to another."
In the 7th Moon of the year of Yen Chi, the 1st year of Tai Kik or Yen
Wo Era, the Patriarch sent some of his disciples to Sun Chow to have a pagoda
( stupa) built within the Kwok Yen Monastery, with further instructions that the
work should be completed as soon as possible. Next year, when Summer was
well-nigh spent, the pagoda was duly erected.
On the 1st day of the 7th Moon, the Patriarch assembled his disciples
and addressed them as follows
"l am going to leave this world by the time of the 8th Moon. Should
you have any doubts (on the doctrine please ask me beforehand, so that I can
clear up all of them for you, lest you should find no one to teach you after my
departure."
The sad news moved Fat Hoi and other disciples to tear. Shin Wui, on
the other hand, remained unperturbed and cried not. Commending him, the
67

****** Result for Image/Page 7 ******
Patriarch said, "Young Master Shin W ui is the only one here who has attained
that state of mind which sees no difference in good or evil, knows neither sorrow
nor happiness, and is unmoved by praise or censure. The rest of you have not
attained this. For so many years' training in this mountain, what progress have
your men made? Tell me what are you crying for now. Are you worrying for
me that I do not know whither I shall go? I know that myself; otherwise I
cannot tell you what will happen beforehand. What makes you cry is this: you
don't seem to know whither I shall go. If you do, there would be no occasion
for you to cry. In Suchness (Tathata), there is intrinsically neither coming nor
going, neither becoming nor cessation. Please sit down all of you and let me read
to you a gatha on Reality and Illusion and on Motion and Quietude. Read it and
your opinion will be in concord with mine. Practise it and you will not miss the
aim and object of our school."
The assembly made obeisance and asked the Patriarch to let them hear
the stanza. It reads as follows
Of all things, there is nothing real,
And so we should free ourselves from the concept of reality of objects.
He who believes in the reality of objects
Is bound by this very concept which is entirely illusive.
He who realises the 'Reality' (i.e., the essence of mind) within himself
Knows that the True Mind' is to be sought apart from false phenomena.
If one's mind is bound by illusive phenomena,
Where is Reality to be found, when all phenomena are unreal?
Sentient beings are mobile,
Inanimate objects are stationary.
He who trains himself by exercise to be motionless
(Gets no benefit) other than making himself as still as an inanimate object.
Should you find the true type of Immobility,
There would be Immobility within Activity.
Immobility alone (like that of inanimate objects) is Immobility (and not
Dhyana ) ,
And in inanimate objects, the seed (potentiality) of Buddhahood is not to
be found.
He who is an adept in the discrimination of various Dharmalaksana (things
and form)
Abides immovably in the 'First Principle' (i.e. the Blissful Abiding place of
the Holy, or Nirvana).
Thus are all things to be perceived,
And this is the functioning of Tathata (Suchness).
Treaders of the Path, let me tell you:
Exert yourself and take heed that,
As a follower of the Mahayana School,
68

****** Result for Image/Page 8 ******
You will not embrace that sort of knowledge which binds you to the wheel
of birth and death.
With those who are sympathetic
We may have a discussion on Buddhism.
As to those whose point of view differs from ours,
Let us also treat them politely and thus make them happy.
Disputes are alien to our school,
For they are incompatible with its doctrine.
To be bigoted and argue with others in disregard of this rule
Is to subject one's essence of mind to the bitterness of mundane existence.
Having heard this stanza, the assembly made obeisance in a body. In
accommodation with the wishes of the Patriarch, all of them concentrated their
minds to put the stanza into actual practice, and refrained from further religious
controversy.
Seeing that the Patriarch would pass away in the near future, Elder Fat
Hoi, after prostrating himself twice asked, " Sir, upon your entering into Parinirvana,
who will be the inheritor of the robe and the Dharma ?"
All my sermons, replied the Patriarch, from the time I preached in Tai
Fan Monastery up to now, may be copied out for circulation in a volume entitled
' Sutra Spoken on the High Seat of the Gem of Law (Dharmaratha)'. Your men
should take good care of it and hand it down from one generation to another for
salvation of all sentient beings. He who preaches in accordance with its teaching
preaches the Orthodox Dharma.
Now I have already made known the Dharma to you. As to the transmis-
Sion of the robe, this practice is to be discontinued. Why? Because your men
have implicit faith in my teaching; and being free from all doubts, you are able to
carry out the lofty object of our school. Furthermore, according to the implied
meaning of the gatha by Bodhidharma, the first Patriarch, on Law Transmission,
the robe need not be handed down to posterity. The gatha reads
The object of my coming to this land (i.e. China)
Is to transmit the Law for deliverance of those under delusion.
In five petals, the flower will be complete.
Thence, fruit will come to bearing naturally.
(i.e. After his 5th successor or the 6th Patriarch, the Dhyana School will thrive greatly and the
transmission of the robe may then be discontinued.)
The Patriarch then added, ' 'Learned Audience, each of you purify your
mind and listen to me. He who wishes to attain the All-knowing Knowledge
(omniscience) of a Buddha should know the Samadhi of Specific Object' . and the
Samadhi of Specific Mode'. Under any circumstances, we should free ourselves
from attachment to objects; and towards them, our attitude should be neutral and
indifferent. Let neither success nor failure, neither profit nor loss, etc. worry us.
Let us be calm and placid, modest and accommodating, plain and dispassionate.
69

****** Result for Image/Page 9 ******
Such is the Samadhi of Specific Object'. On all occasions, whether we are
standing, walking, sitting or reclining, let us be absolutely straightforward. Then
remaining in our sanctuary, and without the least movement, we would virtually be
in the Kingdom of Pure Land. Such is the Samadhi of Specific Mode
"He who is complete with these two forms of Samadhi may be likened to
the ground with seeds sown therein. Covered up in the mud, the seeds receive
nourishment therefrom and grow until fruits come into bearing. Likewise is the
case of these two types of Samadbi.
My preaching to you now may be likened to the seasonable rain which
gives pervasive moisture to a vast area of land. The Buddha-nature within you
may be likened to the seed, which, upon being moistened by the rain, will grow
rapidly. He who carries out my instructions will certainly attain Bodhi (enlighten-
ment). He who follows my teaching will certainly get the superb fruit (of
Buddhahood). Listen to my stanza
Buddha-seeds latent in our mind
Upon the coming of the all-pervading rain will sprout.
The 'flower' of the doctrine having been intuitively grasped,
The fruit of Enlightenment one is bound to reap."
Then he added, "The Dharma is non-dual and likewise is the mind. The
Path is pure and also above all forms. Your men are hereby warned not to take
those exercises for contemplating on quietude or for keeping the mind in a blank
state. The mind is by nature pure, so there remains nothing for us to crave for
or to give up. Do your best each of you and go (to preach) wherever circum-
stances may lead you."
Thereupon the disciples made obeisance and withdrew.
On the 8th day of the 7th Moon, the Patriarch gave a sudden order to
his disciples to get ready a boat for his going back to Sun Chow. In a body,
they entreated him -very earnestly and pitifully to stay.
j' It is only natural said the Patriarch, J' that death is the inevitable
outcome of birth, and so even the various Buddhas who appear in this world
have to show an earthly death by entering into Parinirvana. There is no exception
to my physical body which must be laid down somewhere."
After your visit to Sun Chow," entreated the assembly, l'will you please
return here sooner or later.
Fallen leaves go back to the place where the root is, and when I first
came, mouth I had not," replied the Patriarch.
Then they asked, "To whom, Sir, do you transmit the 'Garbha (womb or
repository) of the Eye of Orthodox Law'? "
Men of principle will get it and those who are free irom arbitrary
concepts (literally, mind-less) will understand it."
70

****** Result for Image/Page 10 ******
They further asked, "Would any calamity befall on you hereafter? "
' 'Five or six years after my death replied the Patriarch, J 'a certain man
will come to cut off my head. I have made the following prophesy of which
please take note:—
' 'To the top of the parent's head, offerings are made,
For the mouth must be fed.
When the calamity of Mun' befalls,
Young and Liu are the officials."
(Note prophesy is couched in a riddle. )
He then added, J' Seventy years after my departure, two Bodhisattvas
from the East, one a layman and the other a Bhikkhu, will preach contempor-
aneously, disseminate the Law widely, establish our school on firm basis, renovate
our monasteries, and transmit the doctrine to numerous promising successors."
Can you please let us know for how many generations the Dharma has
been transmitted from the appearance of the earliest Buddha up to now ? " asked
the disciples.
Ancient Buddhas appearing in this world are too many to be enumerated,"
replied the Patriarch. But let us start from the last seven Buddhas. They are:—
Buddha Vipassin
Buddha Sikhin
Buddha Vessabhu
Buddha Kakusundha
Buddha Konagamana
Buddha Kassapa
Buddha Gautama
of the last Kalpa, the Alamkarakalpa.
of the present Kalpa, the Bhadrakalpa,
' 'From Buddha Gautama, the Law was first transmitted to the
1st Patriarch Arya Mahakasyapa.
(It was then in turn transmitted to)
2nd Patriarch Arya Ananda
3rd
4th
5th
6th
7th
8th
9th
IOth
11th
12th
13th
14th
Sanavasa
Upagupta
Dhritaka
Michaka
Vasumitra
Buddhanandi
Buddhamitra
Parsva
Punyayasas
Bodhisattva Asvaghosa
Arya Kapimala
Bodhisattva Nagarjuna
71

****** Result for Image/Page 11 ******
15th Patr:arch Arya Kanayeva
16th
17th
18th
19th
20th
21st
22nd
23rd
24th
25th
26th
27th
28th
29th
30th
31st
32nd
Rahulata
Sanghananti
Sanghayasas
Kumarata
Jayata
Vasuhandhu
Manura
Haklena
Sinha
Basiasita
Punyamitra
Prajnatara
Bodhidharma (the 1st Patriarch in China)
Grand Master Wei Ho
Tsang Tsan
Tu Shun
Hwang Yan
And I am the 33rd Patriarch (i.e., the 6th Patriarch in China). Thus, by
pupillary succession, the Dharma was handed down from Patriarch to another.
Hereafter, your men should in turn transmit it to posterity by passing it on from
one generation to another, so that the tradition may be kept up without failure.
On the 3rd day of the 8th Moon of the year of Kwai Tsau, the 2nd
Year of Sin Tin Era, after feasting in Kwok Yen Monastery, the Patriarch addressed
his disciples as follows
Please sit down in order of seniority. I am going to say good-bye to
you."
Thereupon Fat Hoi spoke to the Patriarch, Sir, will you please leave to
posterity certain instructions whereby people under delusions may realise the
Buddha-nature.
Listen to me' , replied the Patriarch.
"It is not impossible for this type of
men to realise the Buddha-nature, provided they acquaint themselves with the
nature of the ordinary sentient beings. Without such a knowledge, to seek Bud-
dhahood would be in vain, even one may spend aeons of time in doing so.
Now, let me show you how to get acquainted with the nature of the
sentient beings within your mind and thereby realise the Buddha-nature latent in
you. Knowing Buddha means nothin!i else other than knowing sentient beings; for
it is the latter who ignore that they are Buddhas in potentiality, whereas a Buddha
sees no difference between himself and other beings. When sentient beings realise
the essence of mind, they are Buddhas. If a Buddha is under delusion in his
72

****** Result for Image/Page 12 ******
essence of mind, he is then an ordinary being. Equality in essence of mind makes
ordinary beings Buddhas. Iniquity in essence of mind reverts Buddha to ordinary
being. When your mind is crooked or depraved, then you are ordinary beings with
Buddha-nature latent in you. On the other hand, if you direct your mind on
equality and straightforwardness even for one moment only, then you are a Buddha.
Within our mind, there is a Buddha, and that Buddha within is the real
Buddha. If Buddha is not to be sought within our mind, then where shall we find
the real Buddha? Doubt not that Buddha is within your mind, apart from which,
nothing can exist. Since all things or phenomena are the production of our mind,
the Sutra says, 'When mental activity starts, various things exist; when mental
activity ceases, various things exist not.' In parting with you, let me leave you a
gatha entitled 'the Real Buddha of the Essence of Mind'. People of future genera-
tions who can understand its meaning will realise the essence of mind and attain
Buddhahood accordingly. It reads
"The essence of mind or Tathata (Suchness) is the real Buddha,
While heretical views and the three poisonous elements (i.e. Greed, hatred,
and infatuation) are Mara (Satan).
Enlightened by Right Views, we call forth the Buddha within us.
When our nature is dominated by the three poisonous elements as a result
of heretical views,
We are said to be possessed by Mara;
But when Right Views expurgate from our mind these poisonous elements,
The Mara will be transformed to a real Buddha.
The Dharmakaya, the Sambhogakaya, and the Nirmanakaya—
These three Bodies emanate from one (i.e., the essence of mind).
He who is able to realise this fact intuitively
Has sown the seed and will reap the fruit of Enlightenment (Bodhi) of a
Buddha.
It is from the Nirmanakaya that our 'Pure Nature' emanates:
Within the former, the latter is always to be found.
Guided by 'Pure Nature', the Nirmanakaya treads the Right Path,
And will someday culminate in a Body of Compensation ( Sambhogakaya),
perfect and infinite.
Pure Nature' is an outgrowth of our sensual instincts:
By getting rid of sensuality, we attain the Pure Dharmakaya.
When our temperament is such that we are no longer the slaves of the
five sense-objects,
And when we have realised the essence of mind even for one Ksana
(moment) only. then Truth is known to us.
Should we be so fortunate as to be the followers of the Sudden School
in this life,
In a Sudden, we shall see the Bhagavat of our essence of mind.
73

****** Result for Image/Page 13 ******
He who tries to seek Buddha (from without) by practising certain doctrines
Knows not the right place where the real Buddha is to be found.
He who is able to realise the Truth within his own mind
Has sown the seed of Buddhahood.
He who has not realised the essence of mind and tries to seek Buddha
from without
Is a great fool motivated by wrong desires.
I have hereby left to posterity the teaching of the Sudden School,
For the salvation of all sentient beings who care to practise it themselves.
Hear me, ye future disciples !
Your time would have been badly wasted, if you neglect to put this teaching
into practice."
Having recited the gatha, he added, "Take good care of yourself, all of
you. After my passing away, do not follow the worldly tradition to cry or
lament. Neither should messages of condolence be accepted, nor should mourning
be worn. These things are contrary to the orthodox teaching and he who does
them is not my disciple. What you should do is to know your own mind and
realise your own Buddha-nature which neither rests nor moves, neither becomes
nor ceases to be, neither comes nor goes, neither affirms nor denies, neither
stays nor departs. Lest your mind should be under delusion and thus fail to
catch my meaning, I repeat this to you to enable you to realise your essence of
mind. After my death, should you carry out my instructions and practise them
accordingly, then my being away from you would make no difference. On the
other hand, if you go against my teaching, no benefit would be accrued, even I
continue to stay here."
Then he uttered another stanza:—
Imperturbably and passively, he (i.e., the ideal man) practises no
virtue.
Self-possessed and dispassionate, he commits no sin.
Calm and silent, he gives up seeing and hearing.
Even and straight, his mind abides nowhere.
Having uttered the stanza, he sat reverently until the third watch of the
night. Then he said abruptly to his disciples,
J' I am going now," and in a sudden
passed away. At that time, a sort of peculiar fragrance pervaded his room, and
a lunar rainbow which seemed to join up the earth and the sky appeared. The
trees in the wood turned white and birds and beasts cried mournfully.
In the 11th Moon of that year, the question of the Patriarch's resting place
gave rise to a dispute among the government officials of Kwong Chow, Shiu Chow
and Sun Chow, each party being anxious to have the remains of the Patriarch
removed to its own district. The Patriarch's disciples together with other Bhikkhus
and laymen also took part in the controversy. Being unable to come to any
settlement among themselves, they burnt incense and prayed to the Patriarch to
74

****** Result for Image/Page 14 ******
indicate by the direction of the drift of the smoke the place he himself would like
to choose. As the smoke turned directly to Tso Kai, the sacred shrine (in which
the body was kept) together with the inherited robe and bowl was accordingly
removed back there on the 13th day of the 11th Moon.
Next year on the 25th day of the 7th Moon, the body was taken out of
the shrine. Fong Pin, a disciple of the Patriarch, plastered it with incense-clay.
Recollecting the Patriarch's prediction that some one would take away his head,
the disciples, as a matter of precaution, strengthened his neck by wrapping it with
iron sheets and lacquered-cloth, before the body was removed into the stupa.
Suddenly, a flash of white light rushed out from the pagoda, went up straightly
towards the sky, and did not disperse until three days after. The incident was
duly reported to the throne by the officials of Shiu Chow District. By imperial
order, tablets were erected to record the life of the Patriarch.
The Patriarch inherited the robe when he was 24, had his hair shaved
(i.e., ordained) at 39, and died at the age of 76. For thirty seven years, he
preached to the benefit of all sentient beings. Forty three of his disciples had
inherited the Dharma, and by his express consent, they became his successors ;
while those who attained enlightenment and thereby got out of the rut of the
ordinary man were too numerous to be calculated.
The robe transmitted by Arya Bodhidharma as the insignia of Patriarch-
ship, the Mo La robe and the crystal bowl presented by Emperor Chung Chung,
the Patriarch's statue made by Fong Pin, and other clerical equipments, etc.,
were put under the charge of the keeper of the stupa. They were to be kept
permanently in Po Lam Monastery to guard the welfare of the temple. The Sutra
spoken by the Patriarch was published and circulated to make known the principles
and the objects of the Dhyana School. All these steps were taken for the
prosperity of the 'Three Gems' (i.e., Buddha, Law, and Order) as well as for the
general welfare of all sentient beings.
END OF THE SUTRA.
75

****** Result for Image/Page 15 ******
APPENDIX BY SRMANA LING TO, THE STUPA KEEPER.
In the midnight of the 3rd day of the 8th Moon of the Year of Yen Sheu,
the 10th year of the Hoi Y ten Era, noises similar to those made by the dragging
of an iron chain were heard within the stupa in which the Patriarch's remain was
enshrined. Awakened by the alarm, the Bhikkhus saw a man in mourning run
out from the pagoda. Subsequently, they found that injuries had been inflicted in
the Patriarch's neck. Reports were duly made to Prefect Liu Wu Tim and
Magistrate Young Han. Upon receiving the complaint, they made a vigilant search
for the culprit who was subsequently arrested in Shek Kwok Village five days
after and sent to Shiu Chow for trial.
He stated that his name was Chang Ching Mun, a native of Leung Yuen
of U Chow, and that in Hoi Yuen Monastery of Hung Chow, he had received two
thousand cash from a Sun Lo (a state in Korea) Bhikkhu named Kam Tai Pi who
ordered him to steal the Patriarch's head to be sent back to Korea for veneration.
Having taken this statement, Prefect Liu reserved judgment and went
personally to Tso Kai to consult the Patriarch's senior disciple, Ling To, as to the
adequate sentence to be passed. Ling To said, According to the law of the state,
death sentence should be passed. But as mercy is the keynote of Buddhism
which teaches that kindreds and enemies should be treated alike, coupled with the
fact that religious veneration is the motive for the crime, the offender may be
pardoned." Being much impressed, Prefect Liu exclaimed, " Now I begin to realise
how liberal and broad-minded the Buddhists are ! The prisoner was accordingly
set free.
Emperor Shiu Chung who wished to do veneration to •the Patriarch's robe
and bowl sent an ambassador to Tso Kai to escort them with due respect to the
royal palace. They were kept there until the 1st Year of Wing Tai, when Emperor
Tau Chung had a dream in the night of the 5th day of the 5th Moon that the
Patriarch asked him to return the relics. On the 7th day of the same moon, the
following edict addressed to Young Kan was issued:
Whereas His Majesty dreamt that Dhyana Master Wei Lang asked for
the restitution of the inherited robe and bowl, Marshal Chan Kwok (Pillar of State,
a title of honour) Lau Sung King is hereby detailed to convey them with due
reverence to Tso Kai. These relics are deemed by His Majesty as state valuables
and you are directed to store them properly in Po Lam Monastery and give
express orders to the Bhikkhus, who had received personal instructions from the
Patriarch, to exercise special care for their protection, so that no loss or breakage
may be suffered."
Thereafter; the relics had been stolen several times; but on each occasion,
they were recovered before the thief coul.d run away far.
Emperor Hin Chung conferred on the Patriarch the Posthumous title "Tai
Kam• (the great mirror or the great seer) and wrote the epigraph 'Un Wo Ling
Chiu' (Harmonious spirit shines forth divinely) for the pagoda.
Other biographical materials are to be found in the tablets recording the
life of the Patriarch written by Chancellor Wong Wei, Prefect Liu Chung Un,
Prefect Lau U Shik, and others, all of the Tang Dynasty.
76

