CHAPTER I.
AUTOBIOGRAPHY.

Once, when the Patriarch had arrived at Pao Lam Monastery, Prefect Wai
of Shiu Chow together with other officials went thither to ask him to deliver
public lectures on Buddhism in the hall of Tai Fan Temple in the City.

. There were assembled {in the lecture hall] Prefect Wai; government officials
and Confucian scholars, about thirty each; and Bhikkhu, Bhikkhuni; Taoists and
laymen, altogether numbered about one thousand. After the Patriarch had taken
his seat, the congregation in a body paid him homage and asked him to preach
the fundamental laws of Buddhism. Whereupon. His Holiness delivered the following
address:—
Learned Audience, our essence of mind [literally self nature) which is the
seed or kernel of enlightenment [Bodhil is pure by natureI and by making use of
this mind alone. we can reach Buddhahood directly. Now, let me tell you some-
thing about my own life and how I came into possession of the esoteric teaching
of the Dhyana School (the Contemplation School or the Zen School].

My father, a native of Fan Yang, was dismissed from his official post and
banished to Kwangtung to be a commoner in Sun Chow. I was so unlucky that
my father died when I was very young, leaving my mother poor and miserable.
We removed to Kwang Chow (Canton) and were then in very bad circumstances.

I was selling firewood in the market one day, and one of my customers
ordered some to be brought to his shop. Upon delivery made and payment
received. I left the shopf outside of which I found a man reciting a Sutra [Buddhist
Scripture]. No sooner than I heard the text of this Sutrar my mind at once
became enlightened. Thereupon I asked the man the name of the book he was
reciting and was told that it was the ‘Diamond Sutra' [Vagrakkhedika or Diamond
Cutter). I further enquired whence he came and why he recited this particular
Sutra. He replied that he came from Tung Tsan Monastery in Wong Mui District
of Kee Chow; that the Abbot in charge of this temple was Hwang Yan, the Fifth
Patriarch; that there were about one thousand disciples under him; and that when
he went there to pay homage to the Patriarch. he attended lectures on this Sutra.
He further told me that His Holiness used to encourage the clergy as well as the
fatty to recite this scripture; as by doing so. they might realise their own essence
of mindI and thereby reach Buddhahood directly.It must be due to my good affinity in past lives that I could have heard
about this and that I was given ten taels for the maintenance of my mother by a
man who advised me to go to Wong Mui to interview the Fifth Patriarch. After
arrangements had been made for her, I left for Wong Mui which took me less
than thirty days to reach.

I then Went to pay homage to the Patriarch and was asked where did I
belong to and what did I expect to get from him. I replied, “I am a commoner
in Sun Chow of Kwangtung. I have travelled far to pay you respect and I ask
for nothing but Buddhahood". “You are a native of Kwangtung; and moreover,
you belong to the aborigine. How can you expect to be 3. Buddha?" said the
Patriarch. I replied. “Although there are northern men and southern men. north
and south make no difference to their Buddha-nature. An aborigine is different
from Your Holiness physically. but there is no difference in our Buddha-nature".
He was going to speak further to me. but the presence of other disciples made
him stop short. He then ordered me to join the crowd to work.

”May I tell Your Holiness", said I. “that Praina [transcendental Wisdom]
always rises in my mind. As one does not go astray from one's own essence of
mindI one may be called the ‘field of merits' [a title of honour given to monks.
as they afford the best opportunities to others to sow the 'seed' of merits]. I do
not know what work Your Holiness would ask me to do?"
"This aborigine is too witty". he remarked. ”Go to the stable and speak
no more". I then withdrew myself to the backyard and was told by a lay brother
to split firewood and to pound rice.

More than eight months after, the Patriarch saw me one day and said. “I
know your knowledge of Buddhism is very sound; but I haVe to refrain from
speaking to you, lest evil doers should do you harm. Do you understand?" “ Yes
Sir. I do." I replied. "To avoid people taking notice of me, I dare not go near
your hall."
The Patriarch one day assembled all his disciples and said to them. “The
question of incassant rebirth is a momentous one. indeed! Day after day. instead
of trying to free yourselves from this bitter sea of life and death, your men seem
to go after tainted merits only (122., merits which will bind one to be reincarnated
in one of the Dhatus or planes). Merits would be of no help. if your essence of
mind is obscured. Go and seek for Prajna [wisdom] in your own mind and then
write me a stanza gathal about it. He who gets the general idea of what the
essence of mind is will be given the robe [the insignia of Patriarchate] and the
Dharma (119., the esoteric teaching of the Dhyana School], and I shall make him
the Sixth Patriarch. Go away quickly. Delay not in writing the stanza. as
deliberation is quite unnecessary and of no use. The man who has realised the
essence of mind can identify it at once. as soon as he is spoken to about it: and
in such a case. he cannot lose sight of it, even when he is engaging in a battle."
Having received this instruction, the disciples withdrew themselves and said
to one another. ” It is of no use for us to concentrate our mind to write the stanza
and submit it to His Holiness. since the Patriarchship is bound to be won by Elder
2Shin Shau, our instructor. If we write pertunctorily. it would be only a waste of '
energy." Upon hearing this. all of them made up their mind not to write and said.
"Why should we take the trouble to do it? Hereafter, we shall simply follow our
instructor, Shin Shau, wherever he goes: and look upon him for guidance."
"Considering that I am their teacher. none of them would take part in the
competition. I wonder whether I should write a stanza and submit it to His Holi-
ness."—-thus Shin Shau reasoned with himself. “If I do not, how can the Patriarch
know how deep or superficial my knowledge is? If my object is to get the Dhar-
InaI my motive is a pure one. It I were after the Patriarchship, then it is bad. In
that case, my mind would be that of a worldling and my action would amount to
robbing the Patriarch's holy seat. But it I do not submit the stanza. Iwould never
have a chance of getting the Dharma. A very difficult point to decide, indeed !"
_ In front of the Patriarch’s hall, there were three corridorsI the walls of which
were to be painted by a court arlist, named Lo Chun. with pictures from the
Lankavatara [a Buddhist scripture) depicting the transtiguration of the assembly, and
with sceneries showing the genealogy of the live Patriarchs tor the information and
the veneration oi the public.

When Shin Shau had composed the stanza, he made several attempts to
submit it: but as soon as he went near the hall. his mind was so perturbed that he
sweated all over his body. He could not screw up courage to submit it, although
in four days' time, he had altogether made thirteen attempts to do so.

Then he suggested to himself, “It would be better for me to write it on the
wall of the corridor and let the Patriarch see it himself. In case he approves itI I
shall come out to pay him homage and tell him that it is done by me; but if he
disapproves it, then I would have wasted several years' time in this mountain in
receiving homage from others. while I by no means deserve it! In that case, what
progress have I made in learning Buddhism?"
At 12 o'clock on that night, he went secretly with a lamp to write the
stanza on the wall of the south corridor, so that the Patriarch might know [through
reading it] what spiritual insight he had attained. The stanza reads :-—-
Our body may be compared to the Bodhi-tree,
While our mind to a case of bright mirror.
Carefully we wipe and sweep them hour by hour.

And let dust fall on them not.

As soon as he had written it. he left at once for his room; and so nobody
knew what he had done. In his room. he again pondered: ”When the Patriarch
sees my stanza tomorrow and is pleased with it. then I would be in good affinity
with the Dharma: but it he says that it is badly done. then it would mean that I
am unfit for the Dharma, owing to my misdeeds in previous lives and Karmic obs-
curations which thickly becloud my mind. Difficult indeed it is to speculate on
what the Patriarch will say about it!" In this vein, he kept on thinking until dawn,
as he could neither sleep nor sit at ease.

3The Patriarch knew already that Shin Shau had not entered the door of
enlightenment and that he had not known the essence of mind.

In the morning, the Patriarch sent for Mr.'Lo. the court artist, and went
with him to the south corridor to have the walls there painted with pictures. By
chance, the Patriarch saw the stanza. “Sorry to have troubled you to come from
so far," he said to the artist. "The walls‘ need not be painted now, as the Sutra
says, 'Ail forms or phenomena are transient and illusive.' Better leave the stanza
here, so that people may study it and recite it. If they put its teaching into actual
practice, they would be saved from the misery of being born in the evil realms of
existence (gatis). The merit gained by one who practises it is great indeed!"
He then ordered incense to be burnt and all his disciples to pay homage
to it and to recite it, so that they might realise the essence oi mind. After they
had recited it, all of them exclaimed, “Well done I"
In midnight, the Patriarch sent for Shin Shau to come to the hall and
asked him whether the stanza was written by him or not. “It is, Sir," replied
Shin Shau. "I dare not be so vain as to expect to get the Patriarchship, but I
wish Your Holiness will kindly tell me whether my stanza shows the least grain
of wisdom."
“Your stanza,’I replied the Patriarch, "shows that you have not yet realised
the essence of mind. So far you have reached only the border of the 'door of
enlightenment'. but you have not yet entered it. To seek for the supreme enlighten-
ment with such an understanding as yours can hardly be successful.

'.‘ To attain the supreme enlightenment, one must be able to know spon-
taneously one's own nature or essence of mind which is neither created nor can
be annihilated. From Ksana to Ksana [momentary sensations]. one should be able
to realise the essence of mind all the time. All things will then be free from
restraint [i.e. emancipated]. OnCe the Tathata [Suchness. which is another name
for essence of mind] is known. one will be free from delusion for ever; and
under all circumstances, one's mind will be in a state of ‘Thusness'. Such a.
state of mind is absolute truth. If you can see things in such a ﬂame of mind,
you would have known the essence of mind which is the supreme enlightenment.

"You had better go back to think over it again for a couple of days, and
then submit me another stanza. In case your stanza shows that you have entered
the 'door of enlightenment '. I shall transmit you the robe and the Dharma."
Shin Shau made obeisance to the Patriarch and left. For several days, he
tried in vain to write another stanza. This upset his mind so much that he was
as ill at ease as if he were in a nightmare. and he could find comfort neither in
sitting nor in walking.

Two days after, it happened that a young boy who was passing by the
room in which the rice was pounded recited loudly the stanza written by Shin
Shau. As soon as I heard it, I knew at once that the composer of it had not yet
realised the essence of mind. Although I had not been taught about it at that'
time, I had already a general idea of it.

4”What stanza is this?" I asked the boy. “You aborigine," replied he,
” don't you know it? The Patriarch told his disciples that the question of inces-
sant rebirth was a momentous one, that those who wished to inherit his robe and
Dharma should write him a stanza, and that the one who had a general idea of
the essence of mind would get them and he made the Sixth Patriarch. Elder
Shin Shau wrote this 'Formless' [above phenomena] Stanza on the wall of the
south corridor and the Patriarch told us to recite it. He also said that those who
put its teaching inlo actual practice would attain great merit and be saved from
the misery of being born in the evil realms of existenca"
I then told the boy that I wished to recite the stanza too, so that I might
have an afﬁnity with its teaching in future life. I also told him that althoughI
had been pounding rice there for eight months' I had never been to the hall; and
that he had to show me where the stanza was to enable me to make oheisance
to it.

The boy took me there and I asked him to read it to me, as I am illiter-
ate. A petty officer of the Kong Chan District named Chang Yat Yung who
happened to be there then read it out loudly. When he had finished reading, I
told him that I also had composed a stanza and asked him to write it for me.

"Extraordinary indeed !" exclaimed he. ”To see that you can also compose a
stanza. "
“Don't you despise a beginner," said II ”it you are a Seeker oi the
supreme enlightenment. You should know that the lowast class people may have
the sharpest wit, while the highest may be in want of intelligence. It you slight
others, you would have committed a very great sin."
"Please dictate your stanza," said he. 1‘ I'll take it down for you. But
do not forget to deliver me, should you succeed in getting the Dharma."
My stanza reads :—
Neither there is Bodhi-tree.
Nor case of bright mirror.
Since intrinsically it is void,
Where can the dust fall on?

When he had written this, all disciples and others who were present were
greatly surprised. Filled with admiration. they said to one another, “How wonder-
iull 'No doubt we should not judge people by appearance. How can it be that
for so long we have made a Bodhisattva incarnate work for us?"
Seeing that the crowd was overwhelmed with amazement, the Patriarch
rubbed off the stanza with his shoe, lest jealous ones should do me injury. He also
gave the opinion which they took for granted that the author of this stanza had
also not yet realised the essence of mind.

Next day the Patriarch went secretly to the room where the rice was
pounded. Seeing that I was working there with a stone pestle, he said to me,
5"A seeker of the Path risks his life for the Dharma. Should he not do so?"
Then he asked. “Is the rice ready?" “Ready long ago.’' replied I. “ only waiting
for the sieve." He knocked the mortar thrice with his stick and left.

Knowing what his message meant, in the third watch oi the night (midnight).
I went subsequently to his room. Using the robe as a screen so that none could
see us. he expounded the Diamond Sutra to me. When he came to the sentenCe.
”One should use one's mind in such a way that it will be free from any attach-
ment".' at once I became thoroughly enlightened and realised that all things in the
universe are essence of mind itself.

“Who would have thought." to the Patriarch I expressed myself. “that the
essence of mind is intrinsically purel Who would have thought that the essence
of mind is intrinsically tree from becoming or annihilation! Who would have
thought that the essence of mind is intrinsically sell-sufficient! Who would have
thought that the essence of mind is intrinsically free from changes! Who would
have thought that all things are the manifestation of the essence of mind!"
Knowing that I had realised the essence of mind. the Patriarch said. “To
him who does not know his owu mind, it would be of no use to learn Buddhism.
0n the other hand. if he knows his oWn mind and sees intuitively his own nature.
he would be called. 'Great Man.' ’Teacher of Men and Devas.’ or 'Budclha'."
Thus to the knowledge of no one. the Dharma was transmitted to me in
the midnight and consequently I became the inheritor of the teaching of the
’Sudden' School (the Dhyana School] as well as the robe and the begging bowl.

"You are the Sixth Patriarch." said he. “take good care of yourself and
deliver as many sentient beings as possible. Propagate and perpetuate the teaching.
and don't let it come to an end. Take note of my stanza:—
Sentient beings who sow seeds of enlightenment
In the field of Causation. will reap the fruit of Buddhahood.
lnanimate objects which are void of Buddha-nature
Sow not and reap not.

“To be free from any attachment' means not to abide in Rupa (form or matter]. not to
abide in sound, not to abide in delusion, not to abide in enlightenment. not to abide in the
quintessence. not to abide in the attribute. “To use the mind' means to let the 'One Mind' [he-
the Universal mind] manifest itself everywhere. To let our mind dwell on piety or an evil. piety
or evil manifests itself. but our essence of mind [or Primordial mind] is thereby obscured. But
when our mind'durells on nothing. then we shall realise that all the worlds of the ten quarters are
nothing but the manifestation oi 'One Mind ?—National Teacher On's annotation.

The above commentary is most accurate and to the point. Scholastic Buddhist Scholars
can never give an explanation so satisfactory as this. For this reason Dhyana Masters {National
Teacher On being one of them} are superior to the so-called Scriptural Expounders."
—-DIH PING TSZE.He further said, "When Patriarch Bodhidharma first came to China, most
Chinese had no confidence in him, and so this robe was handed down as a
testimony from one Patriarch to another. As to the Dharma, this is as a rule
transmitted from heart to heart and the recipient is expected to understand it and
to realise it by his own efforts. From time immemorial, it has been the practice
for one Buddha to pass to his successor the quintessence oi the Dharma and for
one Patriarch to transmit to another the esoteric teaching from mind to mind. As
the robe may give cause to dispute, you are the last one to inherit it. Should you
again hand it down to your successor, your life would be in imminent danger. You
should leave this place as quickly as you can, lest some one should do you harm."
“Whither should I go?" I asked. "At Wei you stop and at Wui you
seclude yourself," he replied.

Upon receiving the robe and the begging bowl in the middle of the night.
Iltold the Patriarch that as I am a Southerner, I did not know the mountain tracks
and that it was impossible for me to get to the mouth of the river {to catch a boat].
"You need not worry." said he. "I'll escort you."
He then accompanied me to Kiukiang Station and there he ordered me to
get into a boat. As he did the rowing himself. I asked him to sit down and let
me handle the car. “It is only right for me to get you across.‘I [an allusion to
the sea of birth and death which one has to go across before the shore of
Nirvana can be reached] he said. To this I replied, ”Under illusion, it is you
who get me across; but after enlightenment. I should cross it myself. Although
the term 'to go across' is the same. it is used differently in each case. As I
happen to be born in the frontier, even my speaking is incorrect in pronunciation;
[but in spite of this], I have had the honour to inherit the Dharma from you.
Since I am now enlightened, it is only right for me to cross the sea of birth and
death myself by realising my own essence of mind."
"Quite so, quite so," he agreed. “Beginning from you, Buddhism there
the Dhyana School is referred to] will hereafter be very popular. * Three years
after your departure from me, I shall leave this World. You may start on your
journey now. Go as fast as you can towards the South. Do not preach too
soon, as Buddhism is not so easily spread."
'1 'Before the coming of Bodhidharma. Chinese Buddhists who have entered the 'Path of
Holiness' (i. e. attained the fruit of the various stages such as the Sravaka Stage. the Bodhisattva
Stare etc.) may be counted on one's ﬁngers. Alter the Sixth Patriarch the Dhyana School has
ﬂourished to such an extent that the number oi its iollowars who are thoroughly enlightened and
have attained the Holy Fruit amounts to hundreds oi thousand. Such a splendid result agrees with
Buddha Gautama's prediction that five hundred years after his death. the ‘Light of the Praina
(Wisdom) Lamp' will be transmitted eastward to China.

Dhyana Master Wong 1p said. " He who attains enlightenment in one moment (Le. through
the teaching of the Sudden School] is as eiiicient as those who do it by passing successfully
through the ten stages."
Thus We may see that after enlightment. a follower of the Dhyana School cannot be rated
by the usual 'Stage of Progress '. and that the saying. "An enlightenened Dhyana Master at once
surpasses an expectant Buddha who has gone through the ten stages". is absolutely reliable.

—--DIH PING TSZE.After saying good-bye, I left him and walked towards the South. In
about two months' time. I reached the Tai Yu Mountain. There I noticed that
several hundred men were in pursuit of me with the intention of robbing my robe
and begging bowl.

Among them, there was a monk named Wei Ming whose lay surname was
Chen. He was a general of the fourth rank in lay life. His manner was rough
and his temper hot. Of all the pursuers. he was the most vigilant in search of
me. When he overtook me. I threw the robe and the begging bowl on a rock.
saying. “This robe is nothing but a testimonial. What is the usa of taking it
away by force?" When he got to the rock. he tried to pick them up; but found
he could not!" Then he shouted out, “Lay Brother, Lay Brother, [it should be
noted that the Sixth Patriarch at that time had not yet formally joined the order]
I come for the Dharma. I come not for the robe.”
Whereupon. I came out from my hiding place and squatted on the rock.
He made obeisance and said "Lay Brother. preach to me. please.'r
“Since the object of your coming is for the Dharma." said I, ”please
refrain from thinking of anything and just keep your mind blank. I shall then
preach to you." When he had done this for a considerable time. I said “When
you are thinking of neither good nor evil. and at that particular moment, what is.
Venerable Sir. the real nature (literally physiognorny] of yourself ?"
As soon as he heard this. he at once became enlightened. But he further
asked. “Apart from those esoteric sayings and esoteric ideas handed down by the
Patriarch from generation to generation, are there still any other esoteric teach-
ings?" “What I can tell you is not esoteric," replied I. ”If you turn your light
inwardly.* you will find what is esoteric within you."
“In spite of my staying in Wong Mui." said he. “I realised not the real
nature of myself. Now. thanks to your guidance. I know it in the same way as a
water-drinker himself knows how hot or how cold the water is. Lay Brother. you
are now my teacher."
I replied. "If this is the case. then you and I are fellow disciples of the
Fifth Patriarch. Please take good care of yourself."
* The most important point in the teaching of the Dhyana School lies in 'Introspection'
or 'Introversion' which means the turning of one's own ’Iight' to reflect inwardly. To illustrate.
let us take the analogy of a lamp. We know. the light of a lamp. when surrounded by a shade.
will reflect inwardly with its radiance centering on itself: whereas the rays of a naked flame would
diffuse and shine outWardly. Now. when we are so engrossed with criticising others—as it is the
wont of us—we hardly turn our thoughts on ourselves and hence scarcely know anything about
ourselves. Contrary to this. the followers of the Dhyana School turn their attention completely
within and reflect exclusively on their own 'real nature' known in Chinese as the 'natural
physiognorny '.

Lest our readers should overlook this important passage. let it be noted that. in China
alone. thousands of Buddhists have attained enlightenment by acting on this wise saying of the
Sixth Patriarch.

DIH PING TSZE.
In answering his question whither he should go thereafter. I told him to stop
at Yuan and to take up his abode in Meng. He paid homage and departed.

Sometime after, I reached Tso Kai. There the evil-doers again persecuted
me and I had to take refuge in Sze Wui where I stayed with a party of hunters
for a period as long as fifteen years.

Occasionally I preached to them in a way that befitted their understanding.
They used to put me to Watch their nets; but whenever I found living creatures
therein, I set all of them free. In meal time, I put vegetables in the same pan in
which they cooked their meat. Some of them questioned me and I explained to
them that I would eat vegetables only, after they had been cooked with the meat.

One day I bethought myself that I ought not to pass a secluded life all the
time and that it was high time for me to propagate the Law. Accordingly I left
there for Fat Shing Temple in Canton.

At that time. Bhikkhu Yen Chung. Master of Dharma, was preaching the
Maha Parinirvana Sutra in Fat Shing Temple. It happened that one day. when a
pennant was blown about by the wind. two Bhikkhus entered into a dispute as to
what was it that was in motion. the wind or the pennant. As they could hardly
settle their difference, I submitted to them that it was neither. and that what actually
moved was their own mind. The whole assembly was startled by what I said and
Bhikkhu Yen Chung invited me to take the seat of honour and questioned me as
to the various knotty points in the Sutras.

Seeing that my answers were so precise and accurate and that they meant
something more than book-knowledge. he said to me, “Lay Brother. you must be an
extraordinary man. I was told long ago that the inheritor of the Fifth Patriarch's
robe and Dharma has come to the South. Very likely you are the man."
To this I politely assented. He immediately made obeisance and asked me
to show to the assembly the robe and the begging bowl I inherited.

He further asked what instructions I had when the Fifth Patriarch trans-
mitted me the Dharma. ”Apart from a discussion on the realisation of the essence
of mind." I replied, ”he gave me no other instruction. Neither did he discuss on
Dhyana and Emancipation." ”Why not?" he asked. ”Because that would mean
two ways." I replied. “There cannot be two ways in Buddhism. There is one
way only."
He then asked what was the only way. I replied, “The Maha Parinirvana
Sutra which you expound explains that Buddha-nature is the only way. For example.
in that Sutra. King K0 Kwai Tak. a Bodhisattva asked Buddha whether those who
commit the four paragika. [gross misconduct. They are murder. stealing. incon-
tinence. and falsehood of a serious nature] or the five deadly sins. (Le. Patricide.
Matricide. Setting the Buddhist Order in discord. Killing an Athat. and Causing
blood to flow from the body of a Buddha) and those who are Icchantika (heretics).
etc.. would eradicate their 'element [literally root] of goodness' and their Buddha-
nature or not. Buddha replied. ‘There are two kinds of ‘element of goodness':
the eternal and the non-eternal. Since Buddha-nature is neither eternal nor non—
9eternal, therefore their 'element of goodness' ‘is not' eradicated.' Now, Buddhism
is known as having no two ways. There are good ways and evil ways, but since
Buddha-nature is neither, therefore Buddhism is known as having no two ways. From
the point of view of ordinary folks, skhandhas [aggregates or component parts of
a personality] and Dhatus [factors of consciousness} are two separate things; but
enlightened men know and understand that they are not dual in nature. The nature
of non-duality is Buddha-nature."
Bhikkhu Yen Chung was highly pleased with my answer. Putting his two
palms together [as a sign of respect), he said, ” My interpretation of the Sutra is
as worthless as a heap of debris. while your discourse is as valuable as genuine
gold." Subsequently he conducted the ceremony of hair-cutting for me [129. the
ceremony of Initiation] and asked me to accept him as my pupil.

Thenceforth, under the Boihi-tree I preached the teaching of the Tung
Shan School (the School of the Fourth and the Fifth Patriarchs who lived in Tung
Shan].

Since the Dharma was transmitted to me in Tung ShanI I had gone through
many hardships and my life often seemed to be hanging by a thread. Today I
haVe had the honour of meeting Your Worship, officials. Bhikkus. Bhikkhunis,
Taoists. and laymen in this assembly and I must ascribe this to our good connec-
tion in numerous kalpas (cyclic periods} as well as to our common accumulated
merits in making offerings to various Buddhas in our past incarnations; otherwise.
we would have no chance of hearing the above teaching of the 'Sudden' School and
thereby laying the foundation of our future success in understanding the Dharma.

This teaching was handed down from the past Patriarchs and it is not a
system of my own invention. Those who wish to hear the teaching should purify
their own mind first; and after hearing it, they themselves ought to clear up their
own doubts in the same way as what the Sages did in the Past.

At the end of the address, the assembly felt rejoiced. made obeisance and
departed.